Bamboo is very thick and strong.
Because of lack of money, he couldn't use pesticide on time.
Hem Singh Pruthi was a very famous agricultural scientist.
Artificial insemination was used to increase the number of sheep.
Fruit fiber is beneficial for human health.
Gold production from mines consumes a lot of water.
The business grew through drinking water.
Plastic is laid to preserve moisture.
In drip irrigation, water is given to the plants drop by drop.
To stop forest exploitation, protection from deforestation is necessary.
Crop harvesting is done in two ways.
With the help of some weeds, plant health increases.
Rotator is used in areas with less water.
Employment increased in the village from the commercial thread factory.
It is a pulp-like substance that is obtained from wood, etc.
The trader displayed natural and artificial pearls.
Many kinds of partridge dishes were available in the market.
With the help of this machine, a lot of milk is milked in less time.
The future of agricultural machine manufacturers looks good in India.
A special type of cutter is attached to the back of the tractor.
In the village, livestock counting was done for the animals.
Because of the tea garden, employment increased in the village.
Domestic sheep are found in almost all states of our country.
Genetically modified organisms have many physical properties.
This machine is used by food product manufacturers.
Water wastage was a matter of concern for the government.
The construction of the tractor made the work of the farmers easier.
Meat was arranged for the crocodile's meal.
After producing palm fruit, the farmer had to pay off the debt.
Due to lack of rain, there was drought in many places.
He bought some land to expand the garden.
Farmers get milk, wool, eggs, etc. from animal husbandry.
Development happened in the district through the mustard factory.
Abeer has become very necessary for the construction of copper nets.
Goat intestines are used in musical instruments.
Farming-related festivals are held from time to time in Mithila.
Agricultural robots are a gift of today's changing times.
It is necessary to study written materials on the history of jute.
Tissue culture is being used to speed up the production of timber.
There was happiness in the village fair because of the group of animal herders.
There are three hundred breeds of goats available in the world.
Hemp is used for rope, oil, cloth, etc.
They were able to choose the best equipment from the advisor's suggestions.
The main sources of gobraha paper are dung, manure, etc.
The farmer sheared the pashmina goats to get wool.
Excessive water exploitation occurs in factory areas.
Sickles, axes, trowels, etc. are used for harvesting hemp.
Minimum Support Price is called न्यूनतम समर्थन मूल्य in Maithili.
Agriculture is very difficult in the mountains in remote areas.
Pigeon pea seeds are transported to the factory.
Some benefits can be obtained from limited coffee consumption.
Agricultural materials can be imported and exported through government certificates.
Farmers take their animals to the fields to graze.
Market price is determined by supply and demand.
The goods are tied from both sides by placing them in the middle of the nadi.
Pure and cool water can be obtained from the well.
Natural fiber is used for both eating and wearing.
The milk pipeline should be checked from time to time.
India ranks first in the cultivation of sapota, lemon, and cashew.
India ranks second in rice cultivation worldwide.
During harvest time, crops are cut and grains are collected.
Even in villages, jute farming is not done anymore, that was a natural fiber.
Turnip is a root vegetable, which is grown in temperate climates.
In India, bananas are the most produced food item, followed by rice and wheat in second and third place.
Timber, veneer, plywood and furniture are products of the wood industry.
Gas and water are found under the soil.
Due to excessive exploitation, the groundwater level is getting disturbed.
Paper is used for printing research articles.
Rural people were given knowledge of crisis management.
The waste from slaughtered chickens is taken to fish hatcheries.
A midday meal program was started in the village school.
Livestock farmers use grass or turf cutting machines.
Farmers saved water through micro-irrigation.
The driver of a JCB must have a lot of patience.
A cow's calf needs a lot of care.
Many different types of natural materials are available on Earth.
The government created the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana (Prime Minister's Crop Insurance Scheme) for farmers.
The process of obtaining wool from sheep can be painful.
The landlord hired many workers for the tea garden.
Rainwater is used in various types of work.
This time, the flood destroyed a lot of crops.
People used herbicide to clear the moss from their village pond.
Alpacas are found in large numbers in Peru.
Consuming less biofuel causes less damage to the environment.
Climate change affected the flowers a lot.
Chemicals are needed to make paper.
The government gave loans to farmers in Punjab for rice farming.
Farmers have to work as laborers to repay the loan.
Paper is also used as packing material.
Seed banks have been established in rural areas of India.
Pure and cold water can be found in wells.
The job of the Agricultural Produce Market Committee is to determine fair prices.
Sandy soil is considered a very good soil in India.
Wool is sheared from a sheep's body once a year.
Good feed is necessary for cow's milk production.
Using biogas can conserve old biofuels.
The Ministry of Energy examined the negative effects of biofuels.
Germination is a natural and slow process.
A leaf sensor is a type of device used for irrigation.
There was a fight in the family over ten kattha of land.
Is there any variety where weeds don't grow?
He bought two kattha of land in the village.
After the Green Revolution, the use of agricultural chemicals increased.
Indian Chemical Institute is a very big producer of agricultural chemicals.
The increase in sea fish in the market has increased trade.
The agricultural equipment manufacturers organization manufactures modern equipment every year.
Organic gardening does not adversely affect human health.
The Prime Minister worked for the development of the agricultural sector.
Bamboo is used a lot in the textile industry.
The government creates the mandi system in India.
Different types of trees are found in India.
After threshing, the grain is separated from the chaff.
Carpets, curtains, ropes, etc. are made from jute.
Expanding the forest is necessary to boost the economy.
Farmers should use the best equipment to prepare the soil.
The farmer produced watermelon fruit with a lot of hard work.
Combined machinery has a very important role in the agricultural sector.
Nutrient requirements depend on the age of the cow.
Bamboo is the main source of bamboo paper.
A large, airy house is needed to raise chickens.
Under the Pradhan Mantri Kisan Mandhan Yojana, farmers receive some amount monthly.
Betel nut traders displayed different types of betel nuts.
The aim of the midday meal scheme is to provide nutritious food to students.
Generally, its seeds are planted after making a hole.
Its largest producer country is Indonesia.
Chicken feed contains many chemicals, which are harmful to human health.
A pomegranate has hundreds of small juicy seeds.
This festival happens at different times because of different climates and crops around the world.
Ethanol fuel is used worldwide as biofuel.
Nematicides are very dangerous poisonous substances.
If someone eats the flower or leaf of an oleander, they can get sick because it is poisonous.
Animals have many types of diseases, which can be divided into three categories.
This fruit has a texture like an egg yolk, so it is called egg fruit.
Tobacco for bidis is grown in sandy, black, and loamy soil.
A mushroom with a white cap and a red stem is not edible.
Chennai faced a water crisis due to water scarcity.
Marwari sheep are found in various districts of the state of Rajasthan.
Natural fibers originate from trees and animals.
The woodworm includes names like garar, ghun, bhem, etc.
But animal exploitation has increased due to rearing.
In villages, animal husbandry is done a lot.
The demand for sprouted seeds increased to get a good harvest.
This machine has a vacuum system attached.
After proving eligibility for financial assistance, help was received.
Farming without irrigation is called dry farming.
To protect the crop from rats, the farmer used rodenticide.
Thread is made with the help of a spinning wheel.
Agroforestry increases the income of farmers many times over.
The need for Maddu or Madda irrigation system is not felt in Mithila.
Many writers have called sheep grazing an ecological crisis.
The combined machine has a very important role in agriculture.
The Minister of Agriculture was very happy with the National Food Security Mission.
After the method of obtaining gold from the bark of lemon trees comes to Mithila, employment opportunities will increase.
Due to the shortage of tomatoes, the price increased.
The farmer produced santola and sold it in the market.
The humidity level is very high in some parts of South India.
Wool on the sheep's mouth can cause many diseases.
His equipment was destroyed due to woodworm.
Cocoa is used a lot in India.
Dairy cows produce more milk than other cows.
This machine has a really sharp grass cutting blade.
The government should ensure proper use of fertile land.
The wood business suffered a lot due to the Corona pandemic.
The farmer asked for help to apply for financial assistance.
Rat poison is poison for rats.
They were able to expand agriculture because of the agricultural infrastructure fund.
Due to the invention of machines, many working people's jobs were affected.
Organic fertilizer does not destroy the fertility of the soil.
The corrupt employee didn't give the livestock insurance money to the farmer.
The lack of nutrients affected the fertility of the sheep.
The farmer applied to the officer for a permit to expand his business.
Antarctica has a large source of the world's frozen water.
The arthropod is a major component for the invertebrate fauna.
Plowing with a subsoiler loosens the soil and results in good production.
A sheep produces about thirty liters of methane gas per day.
Dates from Arab countries are considered high quality.
Pima is considered the finest cotton in the world.
The farmer leader and the then Development Minister of Punjab started the Mandi system.
The main objective of animal welfare is the freedom to recover from crisis and behave normally.
Red chili is not good for everyone, it can cause stomach irritation, pain, and diarrhea.
Dried tobacco leaves are used for bidi, cigarettes, and chewing tobacco.
If the flower gets a disease, it affects production and reduces the farmer's income.
A mushroom is a spore-bearing fruit that grows above ground. It's made from fungus.
Broken wheat is a high-protein food that has no fat.
Paper is commercially prepared for printing, writing, and packaging.
It's better to graft amla than to plant its seeds.
Farki is a major disease of sheep, which is caused by bacteria.
It is used in potato farming because it kills insects in the soil.
Cutting grape bunches is the most important step in the winemaking process.
A bee is a winged insect that plays an important role in pollination.
The highest fish production in the country is in Andhra Pradesh, West Bengal, and Gujarat.
If a sheep gets sick, it should be treated by a doctor immediately.
Water pipes are laid in the field to irrigate the land.
Using chemical fertilizers on crops affects human health.
His father has gone to the market to buy vegetables.
The nutmeg tree is always green.
Cauliflower is a type of vegetable.
This card is given every three years so that we know about the changes in the soil.
Antyodaya Anna Yojana was started to reduce hunger among poor people.
We should use groundwater very wisely.
Auluwa is used during occasions like fasting.
The shepherd took all his sheep to the field for food.
The main sources of paper are trees, dung, grass and water.
The farmer got investor loans very easily.
Growing marijuana for personal use is illegal.
A mower is an agricultural tool, which is used to cut grass.
Green manure also helps in controlling pests.
A plow is an agricultural tool, which is used to plow fields.
Fisheries and its hunting are a major source of employment.
A sheep produces about thirty liters of methane gas per day.
Farmer credit card facility has been provided to provide financial assistance to the farmer.
Milk pipelines should be checked from time to time.
Straw is collected as thatch for the whole year.
Different breeds of goats can be found in different regions of India.
The farmer needed equipment for crop processing.
If production is higher than the cost price, the dividend is higher.
Nestle Institute is a famous coffee institute.
This machine is used in areas where there is less ridges and dust.
Forestry is an important industrial sector in India.
Various dairy products were traded in the city.
You can get a lot of work done in a short time by using this machine.
He got dehydrated because he drank too much coffee.
The weather department gave the government news of an emergency weather change.
In this greenhouse machine, the flow of air is artificially controlled.
JCBs are very useful in the mining sector.
Both scissors and trimmers are used to cut sheep's wool.
This type of irrigation system is used in greenhouses for plants planted in pots.
Farmers can also sell their produce at the agricultural fair.
M.S. Swaminathan is considered a world leader in the Green Revolution.
The fiber obtained from the trunk of a tree is called natural fiber.
During the freedom struggle, the spinning wheel was a major weapon of the indigenous movement.
Growing vegetables in water is the newest technology in agriculture.
A lot of profit can be made in a short time from poultry farming.
Date palm leaves are ten to fifteen feet long and very sharp, from which hand fans are made.
Raw papaya cleanses the body and improves digestion.
If hemp is to be cut for fiber, it should be cut before the seeds ripen.
Castor oil has many medicinal and industrial uses.
Fisheries protect biodiversity by stopping the hunting of natural fish stocks.
Pomegranates are mostly grown in the tropical regions of the world.
Any farmer between the ages of eighteen and forty can register for this.
There's also a national agriculture market portal so farmers can sell their produce online.
Mace and nutmeg are two different spices that come from the nutmeg tree.
Chicken harvesters are used to grab chickens for slaughter.
The wood of the Southern beech is a bit soft.
Breeder seed is 100 percent physically and genetically pure for the production of foundation seed.
Milk by-products are butterfat, cream, yogurt, cheese, and buttermilk.
Another strategy is we should encourage farming that needs less water.
Fruits don't rot quickly in the winter season.
Growing food for local consumption is the core of tropical agriculture.
There's also a national agriculture market portal so farmers can sell their produce online.
Fruits like apples, bananas, oranges, strawberries are full of fiber.
Broken wheat is a high-protein diet that has no fat.
Its nutrient-rich rice is widely used during fasting.
Most of the water on Earth is saltwater from the ocean.
We should use water very carefully.
Using a planter saves both the farmer's time and money.
The amount of fertilizer is found in grains or vegetables grown in fertilizer.
The largest producer of wood is China.
Farmers in maritime areas do fish farming.
It is found in plant sap, fungi, etc.
Plastic is laid down to protect the plants.
The waste from butchered chickens is sent to the fish hatchery.
In India, teachers are assigned to do the livestock census.
The quality of groundwater varies from place to place.
The source of water on Earth is limited.
This machine cuts and spreads grass or straw in less time.
Jute production is starting to decrease now.
Having very large hairs on the buttocks is harmful from a health perspective.
Climate change greatly affected the flowers.
The National Agriculture Development Plan is very necessary for agricultural development.
The farmer's ox plowed the field very well.
His debt principal became very large due to compound interest.
Fungicide is used to remove fungus.
Special training is required to manage dairy animals or goods.
Various species of crocodiles are displayed in the zoo.
Where is your family farm located?
The sprayer can spray medicine even on large trees.
Livestock was counted in the village.
The government encouraged rice production in the state of West Bengal.
Is insecticide a mixture of organic and chemical substances?
There are mainly two types of wood: softwood and hardwood.
In India, traditionally milk is milked twice a day.
Contact insecticides are poisonous to insects upon direct contact.
The doctor used to say that coriander leaves boost immunity.
The sap extracted from rubber trees is the primary source of natural rubber.
Nowadays, threshing of grains is mostly done by machines.
Fields are plowed with plows pulled by oxen or buffaloes.
Using too much phosphate fertilizer damages the field.
Family farms can be kept fallow for a while.
Crop growth can be improved by controlling weeds.
He went to the school to get a book for nutrient management.
Arranging irrigation is an important and necessary task for farming.
Every year the government expands irrigation statistics.
The weather changes every day in this area.
Farmers had to spend money for tools like hoes.
The worker gardened in the owner's garden with a lot of hard work.
She couldn't sleep after drinking too much tea.
Various materials are made from bamboo shoots.
The government was able to convey information on crisis management to the citizens through advertisements.
Mustard seeds are considered a very important part commercially.
White tea leaves are used in some parts of the world.
Snail or shellfish production is naturally high in India.
The milk pipeline has been taken to a certain place.
Sewage is the most common aquatic plant in India.
Farmer credit card scheme was started for farmers in the village.
All kinds of grains are taken out of the grain cart.
Seeds are sufficiently available in the Indian seed market.
The farmer sheared and obtained wool from the pashmina goat.
Animal husbandry increases the income of farmers.
Excessive plowing of fields and irrigation without drainage causes long-term damage to the soil.
Laws were passed in some states against the central government's three agricultural laws.
Goats need open space to roam around.
The entire crop is ruined after being submerged in the flood.
Its flowers, stems, and small green leaves are used as vegetables.
Pollination management is done according to the pollination requirement of a particular crop.
Cultipacker is an agricultural tool that is used to level land.
The plants prepared in the nursery are sold in the market.
Nowadays, nets are made from synthetic fibers.
In large dairy farms abroad, all the milk cows are lined up in a row.
The main reason for soil acidification is inefficient use of nitrogen.
These days there's a lot of demand for organic fruits, vegetables, grains, dairy, and meat.
Cardamom comes in small and large sizes.
To protect from germs, you should use a pesticide spraying machine.
Coniferous wood is very useful.
Physical hazards in the wood industry can harm employees.
In the village, the land records are with the Patwari.
The demand for grass has increased in the animal husbandry business.
Can using pesticides and machines prevent insect infestations?
Chemical sprays can be considered a factor in agricultural pollution.
The printing press in Tamil Nadu is India's largest paper factory.
In rural areas, women do agricultural work.
Wild trees hinder the growth of plants planted in the fields.
The coastal ecosystem was destroyed because of fishing.
Using green manure reduces the harm from chemical fertilizers.
Women make various dairy products from buffalo milk.
Fiber can be produced from animal wool.
The government gave financial assistance to farmers to repay loans.
There is not enough fodder for sheep in cold regions.
Climate change is a big reason for the increase in deforestation.
The government created the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana for farmers.
Rathi cows are mostly found in Punjab and Haryana.
What role do plants play in beekeeping?
Conveyor belts are made by mixing rubber and thread.
This is also used for weed control, planting, cutting and environmental monitoring.
How much should we dry the rice so we can store it in the warehouse for a few days?
What are the farming tools?
Where do farmers sell grains in places where there are markets?
Which month is corn planted?
What kind of loans are available for farmers?
Tea was discovered by the Chinese king Shennong.
Fertilizer is used to increase the fertility of the land.
Pashmina wool is obtained through combing in America.
Planting different types of species in the same field maintains its fertility.
In drip irrigation, water is given to the plants drop by drop.
Livestock census in India must be done definitely after floods.
Clouds are the biggest medium for water distribution in nature.
Water scarcity can seriously affect the agricultural sector.
The Maddu or Madda Patauni system does not work in Mithila.
He increased his rice yield by getting education on farming systems.
Many different types of natural materials are available on Earth.
He applied for a permit to manufacture veterinary medicine.
Every year the field is ploughed so that the desired seeds can be planted.
Fertilizers with names like potash, urea, phosphate, DAP etc. are found in the market.
Jackfruit vegetable is being cooked in the kitchen.
In Jharkhand, it is compulsory to do this kind of farming.
Coconut fiber is used to make ropes.
If we cultivate on someone else's land, do we get the benefit of government schemes or the landowner?
What are the advantages of online shopping?
What is the process of buying equipment online?
How can we do branding of our product?
Is it a loss or a profit to buy rice on online platforms?
How to improve the general growth and development of chili farming?
Can the same hybrid seed be planted in the field a second time?
Why does the price of rice fluctuate?
What to do after pruning or cutting an apple tree?
Which variety of lentil seeds produces the most?
Antyodaya Anna Yojana was started to reduce hunger among poor people.
Handmade pashmina shawls are much better than machine-made shawls.
Nurses, technicians, and support staff who assist are called para-veterinary staff.
Honey is a sweet, sticky liquid that bees make from flower nectar.
Agricultural science professionals are called agricultural scientists.
The grafted plant is planted in the field.
Can identifying the insect help to control it?
In today's food system, many crops are grown and many animals are raised.
Agriculture is also connected to animal husbandry, forestry and fisheries.
The government also provides subsidies to farmers to buy agricultural machinery.
Its deficiency can reduce working capacity.
Arabian jasmine is a fragrant flowering plant.
Destructive fishing methods cause irreparable damage to aquatic ecosystems.
Pomegranates contain vitamin C, K, and potassium and help in blood formation in the body.
The weather also has plenty of protein.
Betel nut is used in many auspicious works in India.
Goats are raised as domestic animals.
It has more than a thousand species, but the most fruitful species are cultivated.
Crocodile farming reduces the negative impact on the environment.
What kind of seed is good for good corn production, hybrid or something else?
What kind of fertilizer should be used for high turmeric production?
What kind of crop should be planted in clay soil?
What are the symptoms of termite infestation in paddy crops?
What affects the amount of water in irrigation?
How do we plant wheat properly so that a lot of it grows?
How to plant Pusa Tejas so that there is a good harvest?
What should be kept in mind while storing crops so that the quality of the crop remains?
What should be the amount of oxygen in grain storage?
How to remove late blight disease in potatoes?
Should we keep bees?
Which is a good tractor for harvesting maize crops?
How to know the new price of any crop instantly on my mobile?
Which thing has the most offers online?
What should be the way to sell crops for profit?
How much does a motor cost for drip irrigation?
Tea is produced from new tea leaves and its shoots.
Three agricultural bills were passed in the Indian Parliament to improve the agricultural sector.
Crop insurance provides relief to farmers from natural disasters.
Production in the field increases from hybrid seeds, so it is valuable.
Cotton is an important cash crop.
The use of agricultural chemicals started to improve crop production.
Carbide is a chemical that is used to ripen fruits.
Which type of soil can hold the most moisture?
The cotton mill factory system gave rise to organized labor.
Plague can be prevented by antibiotics and smallpox by vaccination.
Mushrooms are not only tasty but also nutritious.
Its goal is to expand irrigated agricultural land and reduce water wastage.
Which is the best breed of buffalo?
What should be the distance between corn plants for good fruiting?
What is the method of farming organically at low cost?
Worms are cutting the cauliflower plants, what to do about it?
What is the name of the best yielding bean seed?
Which method should I adopt for more profit?
Soft wood needs extra care because it is weak.
During the freedom struggle, the spinning wheel was a major weapon of the indigenous movement.
The seeds, flowers, and leaves of the drumstick are eaten and are very nutritious.
How to quickly increase the weight of sheep in a short time?
Apricot is called a dried fruit due to the presence of nutrients.
Which medicine is good for drip irrigation in corn?
Which is the least expensive tractor for farming?
What is the irrigation rate for us?
Which farming increases income for farmers in a short time?
What measures should we take to increase the power of our farm?
How much crop should we sell to make a profit?
How to make cucumbers bigger?
Which pesticide spray is good for green vegetables?
Thailand is the biggest country for rubber production.
Many materials are used from the forests of Arunachal Pradesh.
Water construction cycle is necessary to improve the condition of drinking water.
The rat poison destroyed all the rats in his house.
Common people buy the farmer's produce at market price.
Leaf sensors have proven useful in places with water scarcity.
The farmer had to prove eligibility to get financial assistance.
The effect of paper on the environment is not positive, it is becoming negative.
Goats get smallpox very rarely.
Medicine for skin allergies is made from goat's urine.
Agricultural chemicals destroy fungi, weeds, locusts, aphids, etc.
He started a fish farming business to make a living.
Silk cloth is considered very valuable in the market.
The Rural Storage Scheme was successfully implemented in various regions.
The Prime Minister assured support for jute production.
The worms were used after various processing procedures.
Thailand is the biggest country for rubber production.
The farmer was very happy with the abundant harvest.
After making this machine, there's a lot of difference in people's work.
In India, teachers are not involved in livestock counting.
Rooftop farming increases people's income.
With the help of these iron teeth, the soil is made loose and even.
Wood is used as raw material in the paper industry, and many companies make paperboard.
About 15 million people in the country get employment from fisheries and hunting.
In the first year, the plant's stem, roots, and leaves develop.
It is very important to eat green vegetables for vitamins and protein.
Kharif is sown in June-July and harvested in October.
Among the many types of agricultural tools, one is an axe, which is used to cut grass.
Figs can be eaten fresh or dried.
That's why big companies have started opening retail grocery stores.
Loans can also be taken through Kisan Credit Card.
Pollinating creatures carry pollen on their bodies from one plant to another.
Bees get their food from pollen.
In intensive farming, a lot of effort, money, and fertilizer are put into a small area of land to get a lot of production.
This is a water source where the spring is blocked.
Farmers can get investment loans up to three lakh rupees for crops and mechanization, and planting.
Cardamom comes in small and large sizes.
Fertilizer is generally given to irrigated crops.
Prime Minister Rural Housing Scheme is a housing program run by the central government.
Various gases are released during the paper-making process, which increases air pollution.
A sheep with this disease dies within thirty-six hours while grazing.
Bougainvillea is a vine-type plant that is insect-resistant.
Farmers can learn new farming techniques and their uses from this app.
Apricot is a stone fruit that is high in vitamins and fiber.
Farming is improved by increasing research in the agricultural sector.
The use of green manure improves crop production and quality.
Keratin is obtained from the feathers, horns, and wool of various animals.
Vitamins A, C, and E are found in acai berries.
The total poultry production in India is two crore twenty lakh tons.
The lower part of the river is called the downstream zone.
Sheep reproduce like other mammals.
The fiber is extracted by washing and drying the wool.
Bell pepper is an annual plant that is cultivated worldwide.
Dairy farming is a profitable business due to high demand.
All the farmers supported the Prime Minister's Farmer Scheme.
Using this machine, milk can be milked in a short time.
He had to wait a long time for coffee.
The effect of fertilizer on the environment is negative.
Farmers live their lives working on family farms.
Vegetarian people don't eat any kind of meat.
The 20th livestock count was done in 2018.
Many nations oppose crocodile farming.
Natural fertilizer is used to keep the soil fertile for a long time.
Well-dried grain can be stored for many days.
All his animals were affected by disease.
Dry farming is done in places where there is a lack of water.
Every year, plants are pruned in the tea garden.
Timber is the wood that is used to build buildings.
Problems keep coming up one after another in the poultry farm.
Rubber is traded a lot in Thailand.
This is a type of fine, smooth wool made from the hair of Angora goats.
People plant rubber trees in their gardens for decoration.
Tractor manufacturing happens in India.
Female Vembur sheep don't have horns.
Clothing sales couldn't happen because of the weather.
Dairy farming is a profitable business because there is a lot of demand.
Some greenhouses are energy efficient, some are cheap to build, and some are attractive.
Kadaknath meat is black in color and is considered beneficial for health.
Normally it's an eight to ten inch wide strip.
Pomology, floriculture and olericulture are the three types of horticulture.
About seventy percent of the world's cocoa beans come from four West African countries.
Some people plant marigold seedlings in flower gardens just for fun.
What are the chemical fertilizers available as a substitute for organic fertilizer?
How to protect crops from climate disasters?
How to raise chickens so that they are well cared for?
What kind of insects attack eggplant roots?
How could a tractor for farming be obtained through a government loan?
What are the criteria for selling crops in PACS?
Agarbatti sticks are made from the Jati Bhaan bamboo species.
Cottonseed hulls are an excellent feed for livestock.
In the aeroponics system, water is given to the roots.
Planting two or more crops is called crop diversification.
Do you know who is the largest producer of pulses worldwide?
The fish produced in the holder estuary and backwater is called estuaries fisheries.
What is the difference between organic and biological, and which is better for all three in chemical?
The National Agricultural Development Plan is very important for agricultural development.
In strip-till farming, farmers spend less labor and money.
Farm trucks are used by large farmers.
In water resource management, soak pits are made in different places.
The doctor advised the farmer to increase the amount of nutrients for the cow.
There is a lot of demand for commercial yarn in the textile industry.
The farmer was very happy after the seeds sprouted.
What kind of plants are good for harvesting?
The paddy crop isn't growing, should we fertilize it?
What to do to make vegetable plants flower more and prevent them from falling off?
Does the bitter gourd vine turn yellow because of pests?
What kind of support is available from the government for storing green vegetables?
How do we identify pests?
You don't get gold from the bark of lemon trees in Mithila.
The farmer received financial assistance from the traditional agricultural development plan.
Most of the water on Earth is salty ocean water.
Wood, metal, fiber, etc. are all natural materials.
Every country does agriculture according to its climate.
This machine runs on electricity and a generator.
Rubber is used in household materials.
Officials from the Ministry of Agriculture and Farmers Welfare reviewed with the minister.
Man-made tools and people harvest crops.
The demand for sprouted seeds increased for good crop yields.
He made good money raising small fish in the pond.
Many farmers in Himachal Pradesh do agriculture with lift irrigation.
A sari made from golden threads of hemp is called Pator.
Agricultural chemicals destroy fungi, weeds, grasshoppers, larvae, etc.
Sub-irrigation means watering only the roots of the plant without flooding the whole field.
The increasing use of firewood is having a negative impact on the environment.
Woodworms are the biggest enemy of trees after humans.
If the crop is damaged due to climate change, weather-based crop insurance schemes provide financial assistance.
Mutton and goat meat are available in the market after slaughtering.
Star fruit was easily found in the market.
This time the floods caused a great loss to the farmers.
Do animals get nutrients from insects?
Cow dung was previously used in the kitchen.
Dry farming is done in places where there is a lack of water.
Water has no color of its own.
In micro-irrigation, pipes are used to deliver water to the specified area.
Artificial pearls look like natural pearls.
Bamboo is used to make handles for hoes, axes, spades, etc.
Sub-irrigation is used in the cultivation of chilies, tomatoes, coriander, etc.
Hemp seeds can be bought very cheaply in the market.
Fish farming in the pond increased employment in the village.
Jute is a very cheap natural fiber.
The agricultural infrastructure fund helped for the development of the cooperative group.
The winnowing machine has a fan.
Due to man-made fertilizers, the fertility of the land decreases.
It generally plows to a depth of eight to twelve inches.
The government regulates the agricultural market under the Mandi system.
Its cultivation mainly happens annually in South Asia.
Sheep farming is a profitable business.
We have to go to Kolkata to sell wool.
Every year he benefits a lot from the wool of the Pashmina goat.
Fungicide is used to remove mushrooms.
The plants should be weeded from time to time.
Physical weakness in animals can be a symptom of animal disease.
One reason for grain wastage is harmful weeds.
Seed drill machines are of two types, hand-operated and automatic.
He was honored for his research in fish farming.
Water, air and the right temperature are necessary for germination.
He built his house on five hundred square yards of land.
It contains a mixture of all three: nitrogen, potassium and phosphorus.
Meat was arranged for the carnivorous animals.
Fungicide is used on the moldy plant.
Sheep's milk has a lot of nutrients.
Farming is done in the coastal area, considering the climate and humidity.
Winnowing was traditionally done in old farming.
Due to poverty in the North Eastern states, farming is done with old equipment.
Officials from the Ministry of Agriculture and Farmers Welfare reviewed with the minister.
Carrot production is high in the winter season.
Using too much phosphate fertilizer damages the field.
The agricultural sector is greatly affected by drought.
Rodenticide is poison for rats.
The farmer took a loan for palm fruit production.
Nowadays, the herd is controlled by fencing with iron pipes and making a path.
The Marwari breed of sheep in India is raised for wool and meat.
Lawmakers should seriously consider the poultry issue.
Excessive use of man-made fertilizers affects the land.
The Karakul breed of sheep is found in Central Asia.
The technical challenge of irrigation is for agricultural scientists.
Life becomes difficult in the forests of Myanmar after the humidity level is high.
The middle finger is designated for wearing a ring.
The minimum support price determines the minimum price of paddy.
A dull sickle needs sharpening from time to time.
Sheep farming is mostly done for wool and meat.
The process of bamboo flowering takes sixty-five years.
Mithila has always lacked pulp and paper industries.
Laying hens need to be fed a special diet.
Can the use of pesticides and machines prevent insect infestations?
How to find out if there is moisture in the lentil yield?
How many kilograms of pointed gourd can be grown in one kattha of land?
How do we send our harvest to another place?
Paratha or halwa made from amaranth flour is made for fasting people.
Hydroponics is expensive and requires a lot of care.
Animal nutrition focuses on the dietary needs of animals.
Eventually, America's first paper mill started in Pennsylvania in sixteen ninety AD.
It needs very well-drained soil to grow.
Besides this, there is also the possibility of chickens getting various diseases.
The corm of the water hyacinth is short-lived and only lasts three to four years.
Sericulture is the rearing of silkworms to produce raw silk.
Punjab, Haryana and Uttar Pradesh produce the most wheat in the country.
Wood is broadly of two types, namely, softwood and hardwood.
Karnataka is the state that produces the most flowers.
As dairy farms keep increasing, the problem of pollution also increases.
A person who keeps bees is called a beekeeper.
There are five types of soil: alluvial, black, red, laterite, and desert soil.
Agricultural marketing includes all types of services that take produce from the farm to the consumer.
In artificial insemination, semen is extracted from a male animal and used to inseminate a female animal.
Fisheries and its hunting are a major source of employment.
Green cardamom has a special kind of aroma, so it is also used in sherbet.
Goats are raised as pets at the household level.
A butterfly garden should be made in a place where there is a favorable environment for them.
Organic food doesn't have the risk of negatively affecting the body.
Then the tree is used as fodder and the corn is separated.
Weeds affect the growth of crops and absorb their nutrients.
Bees and bumblebees produce silk to strengthen their honeycombs.
Which varieties are best for good betel leaf cultivation?
How to improve the general growth and development of chili farming?
How is it to irrigate wheat with a fire truck?
Which soil is best for pulse cultivation?
What is the pest that ruins cauliflower plants?
How to harvest paddy in less time?
How to plan and farm to get the maximum yield of water caltrop?
Which app is good for selling crops online?
What things should be considered when trading grains?
Which pesticide is best to use to remove mold from chilies?
Crop rotation prevents soil erosion and also provides nutrients for the crops.
Ramu dai, does the government provide any facilities for sheep farming?
Even after the flood water recedes, there can be loss in crop production.
When farmers grow and harvest crops, they extract some nutrients from the soil.
Finger millet seeds are sown after the first rain.
It is also used in various types of diseases.
Pomegranates are grown in Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Andhra Pradesh.
Gir breed cattle have horns that curve backwards.
Can hybrid seeds be used in organic farming?
What do farmers do to the soil to produce more crops?
Many crops were destroyed in the village due to the spread of weeds.
In Kerala, is the coconut structure used to help in rubber production?
Large troughs are made to feed the livestock.
Various types of items are made from jute rope.
Plants develop from nutrients.
The number of students in the school increased due to the midday meal program.
Female Vembur sheep don't have horns.
Many milk pipelines are used, from milking to processing it.
In the old days, agricultural equipment wasn't used.
Farmers were educated for agricultural communication.
Climate change and farming both affect each other.
You can get grants from the government for poultry farming.
Many schemes have been made for farmers in India.
Coffee spread throughout the world over time.
Serampore in Bengal is India's oldest paper factory.
Goat milk is used a lot in hilly areas.
Kashmiri wool has two types of fiber.
Retail sales are a main pillar of India's economy.
Very light paper was used for the leaflets.
The price of milk varies according to the percentage of cream in it.
Density increases when water changes to ice.
Sheep farming is mostly done for wool and meat.
Plastic sheeting is laid down to conserve moisture.
The main sources of clean paper are trees like eucalyptus, poplar, etc.
In this type of farming, cultivation wasn't done in one place for a long time.
The sheep breeding process usually happens in the spring season.
The method of irrigation is different here.
This is one fruit of the hard type of coconut.
Sometimes, it sticks to the tractor tire and goes from one field to another.
Soil can be conserved by doing organic farming and planting trees.
Brother, tell me, how many types of coffee are produced in India?
To plant rice seeds, the field must first be plowed by making it muddy.
The structure and body of the Asil breed of chicken is considered good.
Livestock are divided on the basis of giving milk, meat and wool.
The farmer's ox plowed the field soil very well.
The price of the tools has been kept keeping the farmers in mind.
Woodworms cause the most damage to trees.
Local farmers sell the milk from their herds to the factory/dairy.
Wood is used to make engineering equipment.
The minister has been appointed in the Ministry of Agriculture and Farmers Welfare.
A sickle/sickle is also used to cut trees and plants.
Mustard oil is used in the kitchen.
If armored destroyers are not used, the possibility of the farmer's caste being ruined increases.
How to determine a fair market and price for the sale of lemon grass?
Which irrigation method is good for sugarcane production?
How much does it cost to transport one quintal of cauliflower for two kilometers?
How does integrated pest management affect sesame crops?
Sea fish have a high salt content.
Pineapple is mainly a fruit of Brazil, but it also grows almost everywhere in India.
Farmers are informed about improved seeds and new technologies.
Depending on the type of soil in different regions of India, fertile land is sometimes less available.
Fishing is done for both business and recreation.
Close holes and cracks and destroy places where insects hide.
Along with this, there is a possibility of chickens getting many types of diseases.
Due to increased demand, industrial production also gains momentum.
It takes a lot of effort to prepare a crop from mungari.
If there is good yield in the field, the farmer is happy and the country also prospers.
The fiber is extracted by washing and drying the wool.
This is a sterile and weed-free seed.
The bark of the cinnamon tree is used as a spice.
Depending on the use, there are many types of paper.
Rubber is made from the milk of the rubber tree.
The life cycle of a bee develops in four different stages.
Mushrooms grow wild or can be easily cultivated.
Its effect is different from a plow, as a plow does deep plowing.
Many tools are available in the market that give good results in agricultural production.
Surface irrigation doesn't use any high technology.
Cinnamon tree bark is used as a spice.
When is the price of wheat the highest?
Tell me if there's any government scheme to buy today.
What measures should be taken to increase wheat production?
What are the ways to save the paddy crop from brown planthopper?
What to do for wheat crop growth and how to fertilize the field?
What is the solution to protect the crop from eye-boring planthoppers?
How much potato grows in two bigha?
Can I get a government subsidy when buying agricultural tools online?
The central government had launched the National Agriculture Development Scheme to promote agriculture.
Under fur farming, rabbits, foxes, raccoon dogs, and minks are raised.
Buckwheat flour is used for fasting etc.
Cultipacker is used to mix fertilizer with seeds and to make seedbeds.
If the ripe crop is not harvested on time, there is a risk of loss.
The life cycle of a bee develops in four distinct stages.
Some fruits have only one seed or kernel, while others have many.
Pumpkin or squash is the oldest plant in horticulture.
Most cotton producers in India are small farmers, so cotton is picked by hand.
There is a different type of paper for fine art, which is called fine art paper.
Monsoon brings relief from the heat and spreads happiness among people.
Mustard lentils are also used to make sambar, puran poli, etc.
Rice bran oil is considered healthy in Japan, Asia, and India.
Pest identification should be done to know which disease has what good treatment.
Which machine is good for planting potato seeds?
What kind of insects attack the roots of eggplant?
Can goat farming and animal husbandry be done together?
What kind of soil should there be for wheat cultivation?
What should the chicken coop be like for poultry farming?
How to maintain soil nutrients for a long time?
What kind of tools to use for weeding in organic farming?
How much benefit is available in the Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchayee Yojana?
Where and how can I find equipment to remove the husk from water caltrop?
For how many days can chilies be stored in a cold store?
How do we know if the produced vegetables are organic or not?
What are the benefits of giving boron to tomatoes?
Is excessive use of pesticides harmful?
Watermelon, melon, cucumber, bitter gourd, sugarcane are major Zaid crops.
Carbs, protein, fiber, iron, phosphorus, etc. are obtained from its consumption.
Mulberry silk production is the most prevalent.
Some vegetable and crop plants are grown from improved seeds.
Chewing tobacco can cause great harm to our body.
Sheep are raised for meat, wool, and milk.
To promote agriculture, the central government launched the National Agriculture Development Scheme.
India produces forty-five percent of the world's total spice production.
Besides this, chickens are also likely to get many kinds of diseases.
In many fields of science, studies related to trees are done.
Some farmers grow different types of food crops.
How to prevent corn crops from falling over in a storm?
How can we get daily market price information on our mobile phones?
What is the price of corn per quintal right now?
The use of green manure improves crop production and quality.
Paddy is India's main Kharif crop, which is produced in rain-fed areas.
For timber production, trees are sawn into specific shapes.
It is widely used as an Indian dish.
Its use has also been happening since ancient times in India, China, Pakistan and Egypt.
Red chili is not good for everyone, it can cause stomach irritation, pain, and diarrhea.
It can be considered a type of market.
Fennel is commercially cultivated all over the world, which is known for its aroma.
Large cardamom is mostly cultivated in Nepal, followed by India and Bhutan.
This fruit has a yolk-like inside, that's why they call it egg fruit.
Molluscicides are used to kill snails that damage plants in the garden.
Using agricultural chemicals without thinking is harmful to people and the environment.
Pomegranates are produced in Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, and Andhra Pradesh.
Are there any fruit plants that stay small?
Sesame is a flowering plant that grows in pods.
I really like sooji halwa.
Boat repairs are expensive and they break down quickly, so their use has decreased.
What are the improved varieties of carrot seeds?
Can urea and potash be run together in a drip system?
How to prevent termites from entering a wheat field from the beginning?
What's the best way to water a potato field?
How much does it cost to transport one quintal of cabbage for two kilometers?
How to get a wheat harvesting machine on loan?
How much and what kind of chemical fertilizer should be used in one acre of sunflower field?
I need information about sprays to make the mung bean pods thicker in the flowering stage.
The central government is running many schemes to improve the agriculture sector.
Pumpkins are grown for food as well as for beauty.
In this scheme, people below the poverty line get grain at subsidized rates.
Humans cannot get infected by cow diseases.
The seller assured the customer he'd give a very sweet watermelon.
The farmer used modern equipment for drip irrigation.
An old hen only starts laying eggs after being broody.
Many types of climate points must be considered for coffee cultivation.
The person who ploughs with oxen is called a 'harwah' in Maithili.
The group of shepherds left the village with all their sheep.
Micronutrients keep animals healthy.
How do we send our grain to the market?
What kind of farming can a farmer do in a short time to increase income?
How to plant radish seeds?
What kind of irrigation is good for wheat irrigation and weed control?
How to find out the daily market price?
What is the way to make cucumbers bigger?
How to know if our corn is dry or not?
In which month is the effect of insects on crops the highest?
What measures should be taken to remove termites from paddy?
Can pulse seeds be cultivated at least twice a year?
What is the process to get the seeds provided by the government?
How to plant Pusa Tejas so that there is a good harvest?
Potash dissolves very easily in water.
There was a lot of demand for sheep wool in the market during the winter season.
They used to grow a lot of rice on their family farm.
The sugar mill brought development to the district.
Some people work together to graze the villagers' sheep.
Rubbing saffron makes the stain disappear.
Insect sampling technique helps to identify insects or harmful organisms.
How to protect crops like corn from earthworm damage?
How to know the quality of any seed when shopping online?
What is the way to sell rose flowers online?
How much cold is needed to plant mustard?
My wheat leaves have mold and blisters, which insect is causing this?
What kind of equipment to use for weeding in organic farming?
Which medicine to use to protect potatoes from blight disease?
Are small farmers eligible for loans to buy arable land?
Which breed of cow can the farmers of the Mithila region raise?
In how many installments does the government provide the amount of the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana?
Which irrigation is cheap and easy for planting cauliflower?
How to store grains so that they don't get damp?
Which motor is used in paddy farming?
In which month is radish usually planted?
How beneficial is it to feed millet to the animals?
Which pesticide is used to control stem borers?
I want to take a loan for the Kharif crop, what should I do for that?
How much DAP fertilizer is needed for fifteen dhur of chili?
What kind of soil should be used for vegetables?
The water frame made a significant contribution at the start of the Industrial Revolution.
Meat production widely emits greenhouse gases.
Okra is an annual pod-bearing plant, which is cultivated all over the world.
Its deficiency can reduce work productivity.
A hoe is used to make holes in the ground or to dig the ground.
Milk, meat, leather, eggs, etc. are obtained from cows, buffaloes, goats, sheep, chickens, pigs, etc.
Mustard greens are full of nutrients.
Farmers get a higher price for crops by doing off-season farming.
Pea, which germinates once a year, is a type of annual plant.
Genetic engineering is widely used to improve the quality of plants.
Some mild pesticides or vinegar are used to destroy harmful insects.
Traffic is disrupted due to the footpath market.
How to do poultry farming, explain?
What has the most offers online?
How to spray pesticide?
Tell me, do you get info about crop production online or not?
What's the best time to plant mustard seeds?
What medicine should I use for pests on tomatoes?
Paper is a thin sheet made from wood pulp.
It is grown all over the world as a fruit and ornamental plant.
Bottle gourd is also called ghirola, pumpkin, sajmani in some places of our country.
What has the most offers online?
How to know the daily market price?
What's a good way to harvest corn?
How does low humidity affect our corn crop?
How much mixed fertilizer should be used per acre for rice cultivation?
What grass should be fed for high milk production?
Which months are good in winter for wheat crops?
How much water is needed to cultivate all types of crops?
How much humidity is good in the weather for wheat crops?
What was the price of cauliflower in the market yesterday?
What should be done to the soil to protect it from pests?
Which insect cuts the corn stalk?
How does low humidity affect rice in the field?
Is there a subsidy from the government?
How much does it cost to farm cabbage per acre?
How do we find out the wholesale price of our crops?
Can all farmers sell online?
How to cultivate oilseed mustard for good production, so that there is a good yield?
How much crop should we sell to make a profit?
What does a cabbage-eating insect look like?
How to remove frost from tomatoes?
Which month is suitable for planting Urad dal?
What is the average price of cabbage in the village market right now?
How can we get daily market price information on our mobile phones?
How much does a paddy harvesting machine cost?
What are the benefits of animal husbandry?
Which crops are good in the rainy season?
How to know the daily market price on mobile?
What kind of insects attack eggplant fruit?
How much does a wheat harvesting machine cost?
Which tractors have subsidies right now?
Deforestation greatly increases air pollution.
Dairy products are prepared from animals like cows, buffaloes, goats, etc.
Lily flowers grow even without fertilizer.
Poultry or fish farming is not included in livestock.
In India, there are types of fish, including ornamental fish used for decoration.
Conveyor belts are made of rubber or plastic.
Farming is still largely dependent on the monsoon, and the monsoon remains irregular.
Very little water is needed to grow fruits, but fruits have a high water content.
In the second year, flowers, fruits, and seeds are formed, and then the plant dies.
Papaya is a very beneficial fruit for health.
Passion fruit has the most fiber; it is a fruit from tropical America.
Rose, marigold, and lemon plants are counted as shrubs.
On the other hand, some farmers raise livestock and run a dairy business.
After मसूरी banana, what crop is good for that field?
How much does it cost to cultivate tomatoes in one kattha or four decimals?
What equipment is used for spraying pesticides?
Which equipment is good for plowing the field?
What are the insurance policies for farmers' crops?
Is a mung bean crop also good for pulses?
What are the government schemes for livestock farming businesses?
One of the physical properties of water is that it can take the shape of its container in its liquid state.
Chrysanthemum is called a flower of the Asteraceae family.
In India, there are types of fish, including Jayanti fish, which lives in fresh water.
Crocodile farming is done for meat as well as skin.
Hedge cutter machine cuts bushes in gardens and outdoors.
The tree is named as the main source.
Climate change makes it difficult for farmers to cultivate.
Agricultural loans are given for three to five years.
In astrology, pearls are associated with the moon.
It is made through the current value of the financial market.
Which is the best breed of buffalo?
Which pesticide is good for corn?
Which season is right for sunflower?
What effect does too much sun have on the mung bean plant?
Sir, what kind of fertilizer should be applied the most in paddy fields?
In which month is rainy season or kharif corn planted?
How do we find out the wholesale price of our crops?
And rice and wheat also grow well, right?
How to make rose flowers bigger quickly?
What kind of soil should be there for wheat cultivation?
How to irrigate tomatoes?
Which pesticide is good for corn?
What kind of fertilizer should be applied to weak soil?
What rules are good to follow to sprout makhana seeds?
What's the solution to protect underground crops like potatoes and arbi from walls?
Which fertilizer is better, DAP or NPK?
Can all farmers sell online?
How to identify pests?
How to protect cotton from moisture after it's ready?
Which crop is suitable for this season?
What is the contribution of PACS?
Which tool is good for irrigation?
Am I, as a small farmer, eligible for crop insurance?
Which machine is good for irrigating a kidney bean field?
Wildlife farming is still not possible for the common person.
Famine can occur due to vegetable loss.
There are seventeen twenty-one tur factories in India.
A grass-fed cow is considered healthy and gives more milk.
Something else should be used instead of agricultural chemicals.
Kashmiri wool is produced in countries like Afghanistan, Iran, Turkey, etc.
In Mithila, carpenters are called Kamar.
Farmers monitor the fields with agricultural robots.
After removing the husk from the paddy, the farmer sold his crop in the market.
Clouds are the biggest way water is distributed in nature.
Lift irrigation schemes increase farmers' income.
One kilogram has one thousand grams.
How to know if wheat has moisture?
How to know if paddy has moisture?
How do we know if our wheat is dry, and how long can we store it in the warehouse?
What is the relationship between plant height and crop yield?
Dairy production has the highest milk production.
Kashmiri wool is made by the people of Kashmir.
Shrimp farming created employment in the village.
Sheep are used a lot in hilly areas.
Climate change and farming both affect each other.
Farmers easily got paddy seeds from the seed bank.
White jute is cultivated in Bengal.
Skilled workers were hired in factories for tea packing.
Fish farming is a topic of discussion for animal welfare.
Dauni is the work between harvesting and osouni.
The agricultural sector was developed after independence.
We need to find open space for grazing sheep.
Tea was brought to India by the British rule.
It is also known as Malay, of the Chattogram variety.
By-products include butter, ghee, cheese, yogurt, khoya, etc.
The officer checked the distribution of funds for the Pradhan Mantri Kusum Yojana.
Artificial pearls look just like natural pearls.
Tell me, can you get information about crop production online or not?
What medicine should I use to kill tomato weeds?
What is the price per kilo of sun hemp?
Which is a good paddy cutting machine?
Which fertilizer should I use for cauliflower farming so that the flowers grow big?
What is the difference between buying directly from the market and buying online?
What are the farming tools?
Can we buy seeds online?
How many irrigation equipments are there in total?
Which motor should I get for paddy irrigation?
What is a good way to do animal husbandry?
How to control the insects on the leaves of a mango tree?
How to farm organically with low cost?
Which is the most effective insecticide for maize crops available in the market?
What is the best way to plant mint?
What to do if mustard turns black?
What's the name of the best Basmati rice seed?
Kharif crops are planted between April and May after the rainy season starts.
Mulberry has a lot of antioxidants.
In artificial insemination, semen from a male animal is collected and put into a female animal.
After germination, how to protect the plant from cutworms?
Which hybrid rice gives the highest yield?
Manure made from husk is like nectar for the field.
The farmer used leech repellent to destroy the leeches.
Technology has been developed to improve soil nutrients.
The farmer was happy to buy pesticides for the crops.
Crops must be protected from various organisms.
Coastal citizens can use Kisan Credit Card for fisheries and animal husbandry.
The chemical industry manufactures various agrochemicals every year.
The National Mission on Sustainable Agriculture is very important for farmers in hilly areas.
A small portion of pigeon pea production is done in India and Pakistan.
Many clothes are made from sheep's wool.
The fertility of the land should be increased before planting crops.
Floods cause a lot of water to accumulate in the crops.
There are four types of wood in the world.
The land is affected by the agricultural cycle every year.
The solution to how to provide good food to everyone is found in the food system.
Surface irrigation process has four parts.
Tea leaves are produced a lot in Sikkim.
The price of modern equipment for farming has been fixed.
This machine is used to cut weeds growing in barren land.
Potash should be used under the guidance of agricultural scientists.
Natural rubber was discovered in South America.
Cultivator is an important contribution to farming in the modern machine age.
Farmers are very annoyed by bulls left out in the open.
Leaf knowledge proved beneficial in water conservation.
Agricultural land near the river has a high value.
Watermelon is found a lot in the hot season.
Black Bengal, Jamunapari, etc. breeds of sheep are found in India.
Women's contribution to the agricultural sector is very valuable.
Organic farming doesn't hold that much importance in the economy now.
Jute should be used a lot because it decomposes naturally.
Sheep wool is used in various fields.
Armored destroyer is used a lot in the honey industry.
The institute used a new marketing process for agricultural materials.
Weed trees should be damaged keeping in mind the ecological importance.
They also make different kinds of art pieces from jute ropes.
How much land do you need to have to get crop insurance?
Sir, how much does an irrigation machine cost?
How do you know if there's moisture in the rice?
How often should cotton crops be irrigated?
Which is a good seed for mustard?
What are the farming tools?
How many types of soil are there?
What's the way to make leafy greens grow big?
Which crop is good for slippery soil?
Which method should be adopted for more profit?
Which potato planting machine is good?
Tell me, is river water good for crops or boring water?
Which seed is good for wheat?
For how many days should the crop be stored in the warehouse?
What is the best animal feed?
What's the offer on the potato seed planting machine?
How much wheat seed should be put per kattha?
How much loan can someone with one acre of land get?
Tell me, would it be beneficial to store the sunflower crop?
How much discount is there on Sonalika tractors?
Which crop is good this season?
What does urea do?
Timber production improves the farmer's economy.
Special attention is paid to how Analac forest expands the forest.
In animal-free agriculture, the use of machines reduces time.
Dairy products are prepared from animals like cows, buffaloes, goats, etc.
After harvesting, the crop is collected in large quantities.
Every year, sometimes floods and sometimes droughts damage the crops.
The seeds of sea fish are easily found.
Marigold flowers are planted in almost every house.
Seed sowing machines are also being used.
The expansion of fruit plants is done based on the climate.
Tropical agroforestry increases farm production.
The main crops in Jestha are cucumbers, melons, watermelons, etc.
Every time, hybrid seeds should only be bought from a good seed store.
The government has launched a total of seventy-three schemes in 2022 to help farmers.
Due to waterlogging in Mohan's field, there was soil erosion.
Hybrid seeds are resistant to major seasonal changes and disease resistant.
Is there any special scheme for farmers to buy tractors?
What are the benefits of cross-pollination?
Which radish variety matures the fastest?
Does heavy rainfall affect wheat?
Can we use drip irrigation for mustard?
What are the crops that grow in the winter season?
When should we transplant the seedlings into the soil?
Farmers had to spend a lot for sunflower seeds.
Water is found in all three states in the world.
The pond became very beautiful because of the lotus.
Farmers benefited from the Pradhan Mantri Kisan Yojana.
One reason for grain wastage is harmful weeds.
Natural rubber is different from synthetic rubber.
Nutrients are provided to fish in aquaculture.
Crops like paddy, maize, etc. are harvested.
Hormone treatment is also done to increase fertility.
A special type of house is built to keep dairy animals or livestock.
The village patwari keeps land records.
The cook made various dishes from mussels.
How much does a liter of cow's milk cost?
What is the name of a good yielding kidney bean seed?
How much does it cost to cultivate cabbage per acre?
What kind of loans might be available for small farmers?
Which medicine is good to control wheat weeds?
Drumstick fruit is rich in nutrients.
Safflower oil is used in making cosmetics and dyes.
Pesticide chemicals affect the food chain.
After the Green Revolution, the use of chemical fertilizers has increased.
Excessive consumption of coffee can increase heart rate.
Chemical sprayers are used to treat blight disease.
He has a very large natural rubber farm.
In micro-irrigation, water is provided according to the plant's needs.
The farmer needed laborers to plant bushes.
Black tea leaves are used a lot.
This machine is also used to beautify the field.
Various medicines and treatments can keep fish disease-free.
Crop processing is done very carefully.
Which insect destroys mung bean cultivation?
How to farm in flood-prone areas?
How to store coriander to protect it from fungus?
Which fertilizer to use to strengthen the roots of the crop?
Which irrigation method is best for a good rice harvest?
Removing weeds from rice plants is called kaumauni.
The farmer benefited year-round from the integrated farming system.
In bamboo work, water bottles are made from bamboo.
There is a special type of machine for cutting weeds in the water.
The antari rope is used to tighten musical instruments like dholak, tabla, and mridang.
It is easy to move a small huller machine from one place to another.
Cocoa seeds were bought from the farmer and processed.
These days, Jersey calves are being sold to the butcher.
Grass has been arranged for carnivorous animals.
The officer informed the farmers about the Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana.
With soothing music, dairy cows can produce more milk.
Three-tier farming is done in plantation agriculture.
Various types of chemicals are found in naturally available water.
Rubber can be artificially produced to make modern equipment.
The shepherd took a loan from the moneylender for the treatment of the sheep.
Most animal feed comes from plants or natural sources.
Arabica is a light coffee, but because it is fragrant, it has a high market value.
A sheep with this disease dies within thirty-six hours while grazing.
In the tropics, the use of palm oil due to deforestation is a growing concern.
The crop that grows only once a year, that's called an annual crop.
Animal husbandry has been a practice since the beginning of agricultural culture.
Using genetically improved seeds gives good benefits in farming.
In addition, varieties named Nicobari, Doom, Jowak and Ghurrah have also been registered.
Flour doesn't have dietary fiber, so it doesn't digest well and sticks in the intestines.
Its flowers are usually blue, pink, and white.
In Egypt, farmers used to cultivate Toor.
There are many wood factories in North America.
The government also gives subsidies to those who raise indigenous cows.
In the eighteenth century, coffee consumption decreased.
The government should ensure the proper use of fertile land.
Due to economic problems during the Corona period, migrant workers migrated.
In India, festivals are celebrated after harvesting crops.
America is a very large producer and consumer of wood.
Champa flowers are of five types: Son Champa, Nag Champa, Kanak Champa, Sultan Champa, Kathari Champa.
A lot of research in silk production is done for genetic engineering.
Oyster farming is very profitable in marine farming.
Bisporus is the most widely produced edible mushroom.
Tea seeds have a lot of anti-oxidants.
Wood has always been used for firewood, furniture, and building houses.
How much will be produced, then the price of sugar will decrease?
The main sources of paper are trees, dung, grass and water.
Groundwater conservation is very important for the new generation.
Due to excessive exploitation of water, the groundwater level is decreasing.
Domesticated sheep are bred in a controlled manner.
Organic farming is done for biodiversity, to keep the environment balanced, and for resource reuse.
Work in the field can only be done after applying fertilizer, it can't be done without it.
Nowadays, land records can be viewed online with one click.
It takes a lot of time when oxen plow the field.
Straw, hay, and husk are fed to cattle as fodder.
Perennial crops are also called cash crops.
Soil fertility tells about the health of the land.
Goat and lamb meat are considered good sources of protein.
He got good money this time from the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana (Prime Minister's Crop Insurance Scheme).
The first tree in his yard has red red flowers.
Thread is made from cotton using a spinning wheel.
The use of hydroponic farming is increasing in vegetable production.
Kashmiri wool and Pashmina wool are two main types of wool.
A healthy queen bee lays more than three thousand eggs per day.
Mace is that net-like layer on top of the nutmeg.
Wilted plants need lots of water, otherwise they'll dry up.
Jaivex molecularly engineered rubber is a new rubber technology.
What kind of soil is suitable for radishes?
Online buying and selling is safe.
What methods and techniques are used to irrigate radishes?
Which medicine is used to protect mustard from aphids?
How to find out the market price of your crops from mobile?
Organically grown crops have a higher market value.
Drip irrigation is preferred over normal irrigation.
Soybean seeds contain vitamins and protein.
Chemical fertilizers and pesticides are not used in organic farming.
Farmers should get loans on time to cover farming costs.
DAP, that is, diammonium phosphate, is the most widely used fertilizer in India.
Beekeeping is an art and a science, so it is important to study about it.
Sea cucumbers and sea urchins are echinoderms that are commercially produced.
The time to plant Rabi crops is from November to March.
A sprayer is a device with a nozzle, which is used in agricultural work.
Today, make black eyed peas in the kitchen.
The weather department tries to forecast the weather.
Eating peaches keeps the human body healthy.
With time, the world of coffee expanded.
Nowadays, artificial fertilizers are used in agricultural production systems.
Bees are kept for honey.
It is obtained by reacting with sulfuric acid or phosphoric acid.
The doctor gave medicine for the cow's disease.
Good mangoes are produced in the summer.
Physics is used to solve farming-related problems.
He produces many ser of rice in one dhur of land.
Water is extracted by submerging pipes in underground rivers.
The machine for tying nar or lar has not been seen in Mithila yet.
Canes are made from laththi bamboo, which is always in demand.
Sheep don't always live only in flocks.
Biofuel can be produced very quickly.
Bulls are also called Nandi, Rajaji, etc. in Mithila.
Seaweed farming is done in coastal areas.
The farmer cut the weeds to save the crops.
Goats are very susceptible to a disease called smallpox.
The agricultural sector has expanded a lot in the last few decades.
Cows can die due to lack of nutrients.
Light is not essential for all seeds in the germination process.
What all things are produced in South India?
In Egypt, farmers used to cultivate mustard.
Lemon is produced in her yard.
Various milk products were traded in the city.
The chicken is cut because it doesn't lay eggs.
There was a lot of demand for goat products in the market.
The student worked very hard to pass the agricultural scientist exam.
Other types of harvesting include fishing, shearing sheep, picking fruits, etc.
Everyone gets food because of the farmer's strength.
The village's electricity supply can be fulfilled by the biogas power plant.
The spinning mule was used a lot in the eighteenth century.
Two types of jute are produced.
To make a list of wood, the names of different trees must be counted.
Are doors, frames, window panels, beams, wardrobes, boxes, chests, etc. wood products?
Employees boycotted the institution because of deforestation.
Which is better in oilseeds: mustard or rapeseed?
Which irrigation method is good for a good paddy crop?
What is the best way to store wheat?
What kind of fluctuations happened in the price of vegetables in a week?
How much does it cost to prepare a wheat crop in ten bighas?
How to protect chili seedlings from pests in the early stage?
In which season are seeds sown for early wheat?
Can urea and potash be run together in a drip?
How much does it cost for one acre of chewing tobacco farming?
How much moisture is needed when maize is ripening?
What are the measures for preventing pests in flower farming?
What kind of soil is suitable for increasing rice production?
What kind of soil is best for vegetable farming?
What methods and technologies are used to irrigate radishes?
How is the soil prepared before planting mung beans?
What measures should be taken to increase wheat production?
How to farm now to get good production?
Which medicine is used to protect mustard from aphids?
How is the soil prepared in your area before wheat cultivation?
How much zinc and NPK per acre is required for garlic farming?
Which is the most advanced variety in eggplant?
Which is the best animal feed?
How to determine the market for a fair price after water chestnut production?
Which pesticide should be used to keep mango plants healthy?
Which hormone is necessary for seed germination?
What insect ruins the mung bean crop?
How can wheat farming be done?
How much production can be taken per acre of drumstick?
How should we farm now to get good production?
How to advertise my crop online?
Do we get government subsidy when buying a power tiller?
Which is the best machine for spraying pesticides?
What kind of weather is needed for wheat farming, like what kind of humidity?
What are the benefits of giving zinc to the field?
Which crop is good to plant in sandy soil?
How much loan can be obtained in the farmer insurance scheme?
What should be done to get good germination in chickpeas?
In which season is pigeon pea planted?
How to know if any seed is good or not when buying online?
What are the symptoms of an aphid infestation?
Which month is suitable to plant black lentil crop?
How to protect tomato flowers from aphids?
Which is the best seed in chili?
How to grow vegetables in large quantities?
What happens if there is less water in rice?
Which machine is good for milling rice?
Besides raising local cows, what other business or animal husbandry can be done?
How to do goat farming?
How many times should a wheat field be irrigated?
How much vermicompost is needed for one bigha of garlic farming?
Which type of Jasmine rice gives good yield?
Genetically modified organisms were displayed in the zoo.
The Barbari breed of goat is found in Agra, Mathura, and the surrounding areas.
Decorative items, mats, etc. are made from straw.
A large, airy house is needed for poultry farming.
Natural fiber or gold is obtained from trees and animals.
People were very worried after the groundwater ran out.
A lot of paddy is stored in government warehouses every year.
A carpenter can properly use and identify wood.
Single super phosphate is a type of chemical fertilizer.
Electricity is required to run this machine.
Angora wool fabric is obtained from Angora goats and rabbits.
The work of Osouni is done by farmers in rural areas.
Late blight disease mostly affects potatoes, sunflowers, etc.
One acre of land is forty-three thousand five hundred sixty square feet.
The Rabi crop season is from October to February.
Silk is mainly produced from silkworms.
Millet is a major source of energy, protein, vitamins, and minerals.
Dams, rivers, canals, etc. can be used as water resources in this.
Muga silk has a yellow sheen, and India has a monopoly on its production.
Livestock makes a significant contribution to the rural economy.
In shifting cultivation, the fertility of the field is preserved as the field keeps changing.
Black soil is found in South India.
A fine mesh strainer is needed to remove debris from honey.
Jaggery can also be made from Neera.
It makes it easy to transport grain from one place to another.
A wagon is a four-wheeled vehicle, mainly used for carrying goods.
When flowers get diseases, production is affected and the farmer's income decreases.
Spinach grows in winter, which can tolerate frost, but cannot tolerate too much heat.
Raw papaya is rich in fiber.
Spearfishing is a fishing method that has been used around the world for many centuries.
Cauliflower is a type of vegetable.
China is the main producer of hemp in the world.
Vertical farming is done in a controlled environment.
Agricultural engineering is also known as agricultural and biosystems engineering.
Workers who go for foreign employment don't think about settling permanently where they work.
In organic cotton farming, those materials are used which have less impact on the environment.
By consuming it, you get carbohydrates, protein, fiber, iron, phosphorus, etc.
Soil types are sandy, loamy, clayey, muddy, soft, limestone, and silty loam.
Other professions also fall under the scope of veterinary medicine, such as osteopaths, physiotherapists, etc.
One pear tree produces from one to two quintals of fruit.
The concept of irrigation efficiency came about to prevent irrigation water loss.
Small fish are killed with a spear.
Kisan Samman Yojana is related to agriculture.
The study about bees is called Apiology.
Cattle feed is also called grass.
The age of the farmer taking the loan should be between twenty-four and sixty-five years.
Spices are made from fenugreek seeds, and medicine is also made by drying the leaves.
Government grants are provided to cope with natural disasters.
The pansy flower is usually yellow and purple in color.
After the paddy seeds grow, they are uprooted and planted in the field.
Water does not penetrate rubber; it is affected by alkali and weak acid.
Amla or Dhatri is high in Vitamin C.
Grapes grow in sandy soil, red soil, and black soil.
After the bull plows the field, it is leveled with a rotor attached to a tractor.
We need to pay attention to many things for sustainability.
India produces 22 percent of the world's total milk production.
Chewing carom seeds at night and drinking warm water cleans the stomach in the morning.
Its raw pods are used to make vegetables.
Molluscicides are used in the garden to kill snails that damage plants.
Based on use, there are mainly four types of crops cultivated.
An animal stays healthy when it grazes around in an enclosed space.
India produces 45 percent of the world's total spice production.
Crops are grown underground as roots or tubers.
In 2020, eleven hundred seventy thousand bags of coffee were produced in India.
China is the largest rice producing country.
Since corn is high in carbohydrates, it is considered good for animal feed.
Finger millet is also cultivated in dry and semi-dry areas.
The jujube fruit starts ripening from January.
Its purpose is to improve crop quality, increase production and protect from disease.
Tobacco for cigars and cigarettes is cultivated in gray to red sandy loam soil.
Pliny describes that in ancient Egypt, the jute plant was used as food.
Chickpeas, lentils, peas, kidney beans, beans, soybeans, etc. are pulses, which are nutritious.
Nowadays, threshing of grains is done by machine in most places.
Cotton is picked by both hand and machine.
Ginger plants need nitrogen fertilizer.
A long time ago, bullock carts were used for transportation.
Processing wheat into flour and rice from paddy is an example of a byproduct.
Door frames are made from solid wood.
Units like biswa, bigha, acre, hectare are used to measure land.
Bay leaves have anti-inflammatory, anti-fungal, and anti-bacterial properties.
There are four to eighteen species of bougainvillea found.
Raising chickens is good, but it's a bit of a hassle.
Hemp seeds have a lot of intoxicant in them.
A new lemon plant can be grown by burying a branch of the lemon plant in the ground.
A lot of interesting information was found in the Nanjing University research on bamboo's flowering cycle and flowering habit.
The use of 'Gaj' has been used for measuring land since a long time ago.
Boot ko ghughni with Murhi is used in all the districts of Jharkhand.
Is drip irrigation good for maize crops or not?
Which medicine is good for insects on makhana plants?
What is the name of the best yielding seed for kidney beans?
What is the easiest way to irrigate uneven land?
What kind of soil is considered best for paddy and maize crops?
How long can potatoes be stored in a warehouse to prevent spoilage of the production?
How many types of soil are there?
How much moisture is good for the wheat crop during the season?
What methods should be used to prevent insects?
What distance between corn plants results in good yield?
Which market is best to send the milk and meat of the livestock to get good profit?
Which fertilizer should be applied fifteen days after planting cauliflower?
What is the way to make spinach grow bigger?
Which machine is good for planting potato seeds and how to get it on loan?
What is a good way for us farmers to get a loan for investment in agriculture?
How to make pumpkin grow big quickly?
What kind of fodder should be fed to cows to get more milk?
To produce peas, there should be a maximum rainfall of 400 to 500 millimeters.
The work of selling fish is done both institutionally and individually.
Smoking cigarettes is harmful to health.
Soybean is considered a crop under the legume family.
India's share in organic cotton production is 91 percent worldwide.
Shawls and sweaters have been made from Kashmiri wool for centuries.
The milk is supplied by large tankers.
Wood must be protected from wood-boring insects.
Mulch also acts as fertilizer and preserves the nutrition of the field.
This time his son brought Arabian jasmine flowers.
Watermelon became a commercial crop in America in 1890.
Different kinds of fruits are grown in different fields.
Is maize yield good in loamy soil?
How did people used to get tractors on government loans for farming?
Which season is good for sunflowers?
What should be done to know the price of any crop immediately?
Which engine is good for paddy irrigation?
Which hybrid paddy gives the highest yield?
Which medicine should I use to plant tomatoes?
Which pesticide should be used for mango fruit or any fruit plant so that we get good fruit?
What was the average price of cabbage this week?
How much does a combine cost and where is it found?
What good methods can we farmers adopt for crop storage?
What kind of soil is considered suitable for maize cultivation?
What is the correct price for paddy?
Why is it considered best to plant wheat from November 15th to December 15th?
What is a good way to raise buffaloes?
Due to deforestation, there is climate change, sandy soil, and floods.
People use almonds to make them salty.
Grade A Kashmiri thread is considered the most advanced.
Millet can be grown in dry and somewhat dry places too.
Forest gardening is a cheap and sustainable way to produce food.
Cattle are divided based on giving milk, meat, and wool.
Thread is made from cotton.
In India, most papayas are grown in Andhra Pradesh, Gujarat, and Karnataka.
Aseel, Kadaknath, Busra and Chittagong are four pure Indian breeds of chicken.
Is there a system for keeping livestock?
Another method is top dressing and placement of fertilizer.
Mustard is a seed of the cruciferous family, which is mostly produced in Rajasthan, India.
The water above has iron, that's why they didn't do boring.
Subsistence farming is a means of livelihood for a family.
Kachka oil helps in losing weight.
Up to two crore rupees has been invested to increase agricultural production.
Brother, tell me, how many types of coffee are produced in India?
Flax seeds are very beneficial because they contain Omega 3.
What power motor is good for rice farming?
Which seed is right for wheat?
What is the difference between organic and biological and chemical, which one is good for all three?
How much loan can someone with one acre of land get?
Which crop is good in clay soil?
Vitamin C is found in the season and it is considered good for skin and hair.
Water caltrop is mainly produced in Bihar, Jharkhand, West Bengal and Assam.
Make potato and chickpea lentils today.
Every house in Mithila is filled with wealth.
With the help of oxen, the land is plowed and made suitable for cultivation.
Smooth oil is made by hand and by machine.
It is very easy to plant plants at home with pots.
Tell me the names of two pesticides.
Pekcha leaf pickle is so delicious.
Through artificial selection, humans can decide what will happen.
In the hilly region, garlic is produced in two seasons, June-July and October-November.
I'm thinking of opening a cowshed, it'll be alright.
A wagon has four wheels.
Fifteen to twenty percent of production depends on seed quality.
Leghorn chickens are considered the best for egg laying.
Jute, flax and hemp are examples of bast fibers.
Maharashtra produces the most pigeon peas in India.
Sheep are grazed in the fields from morning till evening.
He established many modern resources at the village level.
Besides mulberry, silkworms are also reared in tasar and muga.
Coniferous wood was needed to build the house.
The spread of shrubby trees affects insects and grasshoppers.
The government had arranged for boring for irrigation earlier.
This machine has a sharp blade for cutting grass.
In the history of tea, the expansion of tea was done by the citizens of China.
Arrangements are made to keep water and food in the chicken coop.
Potash should be used under the guidance of agricultural scientists.
The minimum support price determines the minimum price of paddy.
Macronutrients provide a lot of micronutrients to the plant.
Bamboo trees grow very fast.
Nowadays, this type of farming is very rare or almost non-existent.
Gobaraha paper's main source is dung, manure, etc.
To prevent deforestation, the demand for wood can be controlled.
Large farmers use produce sorting machines.
Fish farming is done in ponds.
With this machine, large heavy objects are lifted and placed from one place to another.
Physical weakness in animals can be a symptom of animal disease.
After cleaning and drying the intestines, they are used for ropes or wires.
His wife had many pieces of artificial pearl jewelry.
Surface water is also of two types, salty and sweet.
Using genetically modified seeds is good for farming.
Bulk tanks are used to keep raw milk in good condition.
Sandy, loamy, clayey, sandy loam, silty, calcareous, and loamy are types of soil.
The big thing is, you also get a subsidy on the loan.
The highest fish production in the country is in Andhra Pradesh, West Bengal, and Gujarat.
Kashmiri wool is a type of fiber obtained from Pashmina goats.
It is considered useful for high blood pressure.
Animal nutrition focuses on the dietary needs of animals.
Those who work in the fields are unorganized workers, so they don't get any social security.
According to the 2021 data, 42 thousand cubic meter tons of wood were produced.
Through e-commerce, the producer interacts directly with the customer.
Is saffron an antioxidant and is it very good for health?
Green cardamom is a medicinal plant of the species Elettaria cardamomum.
The main focus of the Ministry of Rural Development is managing roads, houses, and water.
Greenhouses are made of plastic and cloth.
Which tool is good for irrigation?
How much crop should I sell to make a profit?
Farmers have to pay tax to process hemp.
The field is plowed and leveled using a plow behind a tractor.
The veterinarian gives regular medicine to the animals.
Sheep wool was very beneficial to the farmer.
Gaddi breed sheep is very famous in the state of Jammu and Kashmir.
The index finger is designated for planting pearls.
The process of sowing seeds has an important place in farming.
Wild weeds affect crop growth.
Green tea leaves are beneficial for health.
Tea has a very important place in Chinese history.
The farmer uprooted the weeds to save the crops.
Turkey's Acipayam and Ethiopia's Adel are named among the sheep raised for meat.
The crop was not destroyed due to the weather forecast.
There is very little drinkable water on Earth.
Due to the demand for wool, a lot of sheep wool was needed.
Due to lack of storage, the produce has to be sold cheaply.
Birds can damage a lot of crops.
Cow dung is used to plaster houses and kitchens.
The Kisan Credit Card scheme was launched by the then Minister Yashwant Sinha.
How to know the weekly market price?
How much production can be taken per acre of drumstick?
How many days is khaini dried after cutting?
To use organic fertilizer or chemical for good production?
Which is the best seed for chili peppers?
Do pumpkin leaves get eaten by bugs?
Which month is it common to plant mung bean seeds?
How to save crops like corn from pod borers destroying them?
What amount of M-45 solution should be given to potatoes?
Bamboo should not be cut during the rainy season.
In tree plantation farming, income is only generated after at least five years.
Jute was produced for the industrial sector.
The type of timber varies depending on the tree.
Sirohi and Mehsana breeds of goats are mostly found in the state of Gujarat.
Straw is the main food for livestock.
For some years now, a lot of mustard has been produced in her yard.
Arabian sheep are mostly found in the countries of Iraq and Iran.
Agricultural robots are a gift of today's changing times.
What effect does too much salty fertilizer have on pulses?
How can cucumbers give better and more fruit ahead of their time?
Which irrigation method is good for a good paddy crop?
What kind of soil is best for vegetable farming?
Which cabbage seed should be planted after time passes?
My field's yield has decreased, which nutrient would be good to use to increase its yield?
How to get rid of unwanted weeds in the field?
Big bulldozer machines are used to uproot big trees and plants.
The agriculture policy exports farming goods abroad.
It is easy to plow the field with a cultivator far.
The use of agricultural robots is beneficial in the industrial sector.
The government has launched a total of seventy-three schemes in 2022 to help farmers.
To make wine, alcohol is fermented and the prepared liquid is bottled.
Plans are underway in various places for the development of water resource management.
Soil erosion occurred in Mohan's field due to waterlogging.
Planting forests also changes the environment.
Clothes made from Kashmiri wool are expensive.
Farming has also started in Jharkhand with the lift irrigation scheme.
Climate change affects agriculture both directly and indirectly.
Mustard oil is produced from mustard production.
Many farmer brothers have also benefited due to government schemes.
Amul Institute was established for milk supply.
Eligibility was checked for farmer financial assistance.
Natural rubber is obtained from the milk of a tree.
The National Agriculture Market can be used through the Internet.
More profit can be made with less work through nutrient management.
The coffee sales have increased at his shop.
His crops were good because of the seed planting machine.
The farmer produced vegetables and sold them in the market.
Fiber can be produced from animal fur.
Was an entomologist called to identify the insect?
It's fun to watch when the rotor is running in the field.
It was very difficult to move the crop because it was too heavy.
Because interest in tea has increased, tea consumption has also increased.
This machine is used to cut the weeds that grow in barren land.
Books can be made from paper.
Meat, skin, bones, horns, etc. are traded from the sheep slaughterhouse.
Various types of materials can be obtained from forests in India.
We need to find an empty space for grazing sheep.
Migrant workers come from villages to the city in search of work.
Agricultural equipment is getting more expensive over time.
A lot of water is used in the paper industry.
Regular check-ups reveal which elements are deficient or excessive.
The production of hard organisms occurs at different levels in India.
In micro-irrigation, only the amount of water needed by the plant is given.
The right amount of cold and rain is needed for jute cultivation.
Animal husbandry is done in many ways.
A newborn lamb weighs about eight to ten pounds.
The government informed people about the negative effects of fossil fuels.
Coffee can affect a person's health in many ways.
Various insects were responsible for the crop damage.
Grain crops like rice and wheat are harvested with a sickle.
Migrant workers come to the city from the village for work.
There is a high demand for commercial yarn in the textile industry.
His loan principal increased a lot due to compound interest.
He is operating the lawn mower.
Planting mustard between two crops saves soil nutrients.
Cloves are produced in Tamil Nadu, Kerala and South Karnataka.
Snails are also called mollusks.
Chyatile is cultivated during the rainy and summer seasons.
Pollution has increased due to deforestation.
Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojana is very important for agricultural development.
Groundwater conservation is essential for the new generation.
The process of extracting wool from sheep can be painful.
A cow can die due to lack of nutrients.
Chickens are slaughtered if they don't lay eggs.
The rural storage scheme lets poor farmers store their crops.
Foreign dishes were made using mushrooms.
The farmer farmed by making fertilizer.
Deoni breed was developed by cross-breeding cows and buffaloes.
Rubber is produced both naturally and artificially.
How much should the paddy cool down before harvesting and packing into sacks?
What amount of M-45 solution should be given to potatoes?
Can urea and potash be run together in a drip?
Is the jasmine type of rice good to yield?
Do khaini during the harvesting month, so that it can be protected from water.
How does too much sun affect the mung bean plant?
Tell me how to produce crops in red soil.
How is cow rearing done in the shed?
Which pesticide is used to prevent insect infestation in the soil?
Which is the improved variety of corn or maize?
How much does it cost to prepare mustard planted on two acres of land?
What kind of farming gets government subsidies?
How much does a motor cost for drip irrigation?
In which month is rainy or kharif corn planted?
White tea leaves are used in some parts of the world.
Can we protect the crops at the right time by identifying the pests?
Water resource management is an important task for farming.
Pure and cold water can be obtained from the well.
West Bengal has the highest production of goat meat.
Cows need nutrients to produce nutritious milk.
The government had to increase the market price to improve the economy.
We produce one quintal of paddy in the field.
After weeding, the grain is threshed.
Hemp cultivation was also detected in Malda.
It is said that a paper factory was established in Kashmir in the fifteenth century.
Fish can be killed from a distance even with a simple spear.
Weeding is reduced and crop damage is minimized when farming is done using the "theki" method.
Oilseed crops are mustard oil, peanuts, sunflower, etc.
There is a lot of development in the production capacity of flower farming.
Trees should be pruned from time to time to protect them from disease.
The basic equipment needed to extract honey includes an uncapping knife and a holding container.
India is a member of the Food and Agriculture Organization.
Consuming potatoes prevents children from turning white.
Radish can be grown in light soil and loamy soil.
The grain that grows all twelve months is called "baramasiya".
They say you can do organic farming by growing fruits, flowers, and vegetables without any chemical fertilizers.
Sometimes the soil in the field is very acidic or alkaline.
Only three percent of the water on earth is fresh water.
In hilly areas, garlic is grown in two seasons, which are July and October-November.
You can get money by catching and selling fish.
The process of planting seeds varies depending on the seed.
People have a great desire to wear Angora wool clothes.
Patua cultivation has been happening in Mithila since before the Mughal rule.
Bamboo is also used to carry dead bodies to the cremation grounds.
Eligibility has been set for the Pashu Kisan Credit Card scheme.
Many things like singhara, bhatura, puwa, and bread are made from maida flour.
Proso millet is high in minerals and dietary fiber.
The seed industry in India has grown a lot in the last thirty years.
Who farms with oxen these days, everyone has a tractor at home.
Clothes are made from alpaca wool.
Can I get daily information on the market price of crops online?
How much urea should be added to one bigha of wheat?
What method should I use to plant kidney beans at equal distances?
How to get a farmer tractor scheme?
How many types of seeds are there?
When the rice plant gets grain, what powder do you spray to help it fill out well?
When there's too much salt in the soil, what should you do?
What's the process to get seeds from the government?
What kind of programs are there related to vegetable farming?
What should the oxygen level be in grain storage?
What's the method to sell marigold flowers online?
What tools should I use to remove weeds in organic farming?
What should be done to increase sunflower farming?
What nutrients should be mixed into the soil to increase rice production?
How to grow peanuts in the soil?
What's the process to check moisture in a harvested crop?
Which month is suitable for sowing mustard seeds?
What kind of medicine is suitable to prevent mango hopper insects in mango blossoms?
What kind of irrigation management should there be for banana farming?
What kind of medicine should be mixed while sowing wheat?
Are cotton fruits picked by hand or by machine?
Andhra Pradesh, Gujarat and Tamil Nadu are leading in peanut production.
Himachal, Jammu Kashmir and Uttar Pradesh are the leading states in apricot production.
What is the method of doing organic vegetable farming?
What are the symptoms of termite infestation in rice crops?
How do we send our crops to another place?
To get a lot of sesame production, what kind and how much fertilizer or organic fertilizer should we use?
How much NPK should be mixed when planting wheat so that it can be protected from pests?
Which hormone is needed for seed germination?
What kind of motor should be used in vegetable farming?
What is the approximate price of a wheat threshing machine?
In which month is radish planted?
Can our paddy crop be traded abroad?
Grape is commercially cultivated in various states of India.
There are thousands of different species of beans, including all kinds of beans and peas.
Cardamom comes in small and large sizes.
Crocodile farming reduces the negative impact on the environment.
To do any agricultural work, appropriate agricultural tools should be used.
Flour is a refined form of wheat flour, from which bread, samosas, pizza bases, etc. are made.
It contains vitamins, minerals, fiber and antioxidants.
Farming depends on rainfall and changing weather.
How do we identify the flowering stage in crops?
Tell me, in which month should peas be planted for a good harvest?
How long can we keep our mung bean crop before it spoils?
What's the offer on water irrigation pumping set machines?
Which machine is good for preparing corn seeds and where can I find it?
When is the right time to plant pea seeds for a good harvest?
What can be done to ensure a consistent mango harvest every year?
Does pea farming use a lot of water, which is why its cultivation has decreased?
There is an increase in energy and temperature inside the greenhouse.
Pumpkin seeds help with prostate and urinary tract problems.
In the current state of climate change, weather warnings have become even more important.
In how many days will the sugarcane be ready?
Can we press and mix it into the soil during field sowing?
What to do if the potato crop is affected by blight?
Which is better, chemical pesticides or organic pesticides?
What is the best type of seed for growing bell peppers?
Which month is suitable for sowing mustard seeds?
Which machine is good for reducing something in eggplant plants?
How much does a liter of goat milk cost?
How can we protect calves from stomach worms and ascariasis?
How much feed and green grass should be given to a cow that gives ten liters of milk?
How to grow peanuts in the soil?
When the plant is about one and a half feet tall, some plants start to dry out, how to apply medicine?
Can mustard be cultivated in any month?
Perennial crops don't need replanting.
The main components of soil are minerals, organic matter, water, and air.
Fields are plowed with oxen too, but mostly with tractors now.
Women's participation in tea gardens is forty-seven percent.
Cracked wheat is a coarsely ground grain that has a lot of fiber.
Are pesticides used to reduce or eliminate the effect of insects?
It is considered useful for high blood pressure.
Chicken meat is the most popular in India.
The increase in coffee farming increased the state government's revenue.
The spinning wheel was seen as a symbol of the independence movement in India.
The presence of both male and female flowers is essential for pollination.
Dairy animal management was necessary for increasing the state's revenue.
Fish is a big business in the coastal areas of India.
LPG gas is also transported to another place by storing it in a large tank.
Various types of information are needed in fisheries research.
The court official demanded the land records.
A group of herders left the village with all their sheep.
The weather forecast was given to the people through the news.
Micronutrients are used in small amounts.
A shepherd is someone who grazes and takes care of sheep and other livestock.
Sprinkler irrigation makes the environment cool.
Nowadays, many types of crops are grown and many animals are raised in the food system.
Generally, money plant is planted at home.
Soy milk, rice milk, almond milk, oats milk are obtained from plants.
People plant it in their homes and parks for decoration too.
Backhoe is a type of digging machine, which is often attached to a tractor.
Besides that, navel ill, constipation, white diarrhea etc. are parasitic diseases of animals.
Chathail has commercial importance too, so it is exported.
Commercial kiwi farming is a new emerging business, which has a lot of potential.
The government announced to increase KCC facility for animal husbandry and fisheries in the budget.
Many types of popular freshwater fishes are found in Indian rivers.
Due to the protests, there was a shortage of yarn in the textile industry.
In Rajasthan, farming is done by conserving water.
Many home decoration items are made from the acacia tree.
In the list of timber, Sal, Teak, Sisau, Gamhari, Chah, Jamun etc. are named.
Farmers are very annoyed by the open bulls.
The use of natural fuels emits various types of toxic gases into the environment.
The Prime Minister announced the Rural Storage Scheme in his address to the nation.
Raw banana is considered useful for the skin.
The value of agricultural land in Punjab is much higher than in other states.
Using biofuel releases different kinds of toxic gases into the environment.
Every swarm of bees has a queen bee.
Onions are mostly eaten in vegetables or as a salad.
Around Bhagalpur, agricultural land is measured in গজ (gaz), হাত (hat), কাঠ्ठा (kattha), and বিঘা (bigha).
In India, there is enough land for cultivation according to the type of soil in different regions.
Paddy fields are used to grow rice.
Farmers benefit a lot when agriculture expands.
The ancestor of the domestic sheep is the wild sheep.
Bamboo farming is also useful in हल (hal).
Jute cultivation happens during the rainy season.
It is very difficult to increase the main crop.
Crustaceans eat very small organisms, breathing through their skin.
Pistachios are full of nutrients, immunity, and protein.
Sheep farming can be done along with farming.
Crop harvesting depends on the time.
Grass cutting machines increase yield capacity.
River water, pond water, and lake water are obtained as surface water.
Zaid crops are grown from March to June.
The production of Arabian jasmine has increased nowadays.
Fruit-bearing trees that provide wood include mango, guava, kadam, jackfruit, jamun, palm, etc.
Chirounji plants are mostly found in hilly regions.
Even for guessing, you need some facts.
Vines climb up by taking some support.
Farmers protested due to lack of enough water in the fields.
Due to the winnowing work, the husk is separated from the grain.
In farming festivals, new grains are offered to the gods.
Crouching can be done many times as needed in a year.
Soil health card scheme is for increasing the land productivity of farmers.
The silky hair of Angora goats is called Mohair.
JCB is very useful in the mining sector.
Family farm means a farm that is owned by a family.
In Mithila, cannabis is used for worshiping God.
Field water can be drunk after it settles.
Arranging irrigation is an important and necessary task for farming.
There are many timber factories in North America.
Gold obtained from leaves is used in various ways.
Biogas production depends on anaerobic decomposition.
Manure made with whey acts as nectar for the field.
Shifting cultivation is a traditional form of agriculture in rainforest areas.
Small farmers benefit more by selling directly to consumers.
Ultrasonic fogger aeroponics is very small.
Mainly eight types of soil are found in India.
Worms are making holes in the eggplant, should we spray medicine?
How much yield can be obtained per acre of drumstick?
Does the price of vegetables fluctuate every week?
Is there any hand operated tiller available? If so, where and how can it be found?
The grain produced from hybrid seeds is not used again as seeds.
Initially, the use of henna has increased a lot as decoration.
The same type of flower is not cultivated in all the states of India.
Paper is useful in educational institutions like schools, colleges, etc.
The production site of Kashmiri wool is in Kashmir.
Indian agriculture mostly remains at a loss.
Once bamboo is planted, it gets ready in three to four years.
Herbicides are used to prevent unwanted weeds.
Pointed gourd is cultivated in sandy soil.
Are there many kinds of benefits from using gaseous biofuels?
Millet is used as animal feed and human food.
In animal husbandry, cows, buffaloes, sheep, goats, chickens, pigs, etc. are raised.
The fiber obtained from the trunk of a tree is called natural fiber.
There is no outbreak of any kind of insects or fungus in the buckwheat crop.
A harvester is a machine that cuts and collects crops.
It's a member of the wheat and barley family, and closely related to both.
The water frame made a significant contribution at the start of the Industrial Revolution.
What are the qualifications for a farmer under the Rabi crop insurance scheme?
Which thresher or machine is used to thresh mustard?
Where does potato grow well?
What kind of weather is needed for wheat farming, like what kind of cold?
How can village farmers sell online?
The Rabi season is from October to February.
Are there any special facilities for farmers looking to take out loans?
Paddy, wheat, corn, palm, banana, ginger, etc. are monocots.
Jaivex molecularly engineered rubber is a new rubber technology.
Jute was used to make clothes in the Indus Valley Civilization.
Suitable agricultural tools should be used to do any agricultural work.
The greenhouse protects crops from dust and snow storms.
Sheep meat also sells for a high price.
Plants that stay submerged in water keep the pond clean and balanced.
Bamboo is cultivated a lot in Arunachal Pradesh.
India is the largest producer of millet.
Sorghum is also useful for diabetics because it controls blood sugar levels.
Paper is used in the toy industry.
Seeds of potatoes, onions, garlic, etc., are grown by keeping them in open spaces.
The lotus flower is considered a symbol of prosperity and knowledge.
Most sweets are made from milk.
Only after the first harvest, the second harvest can be done again after three months.
Fruits, plants, herbs, etc., are grown in forest gardens.
The type of timber depends on the trees.
The Ministry of Rural Development formulates plans for the development of rural areas.
Most of the village's development happened because of fly farming.
Due to the rain, the humidity level in the city increased.
He was able to produce a good harvest from her suggestion to use the equipment.
Firewood, furniture, and houses are always made using wood.
The milk supply changed because of raising genetically modified goods.
The field became barren due to excessive use of fertilizer.
Milk is taken out of the bulk tank and given to the supplier.
The food system operates within a social, political, economic and environmental context.
Curry leaves are used a lot in South India.
Humidity plays an important role for life on Earth.
Grape bunches are harvested at a time when there is less chance of seasonal damage.
The bean pod is a pod grown for eating.
The baya bird uses silk to join leaves and make a nest.
A greenhouse protects plants from too much heat and too much cold.
Kasuri methi is a type of spice, which is used to enhance flavor.
Curry leaves are used a lot in South India.
Silkworms are raised to make raw silk, which is called sericulture.
India is the second largest wheat producing country in the world.
Drip irrigation is very good during water scarcity.
Stretch plant, commercial and landscape plant nursery are the three types.
The highest fish production in the country is in Andhra Pradesh, West Bengal and Gujarat.
Improved breeds of animals can be produced through artificial insemination.
Now Indian scientists have created a mobile app to identify crop diseases.
Olive oil is extracted by pressing the olive fruit.
Proso millet is used as food grain for humans, animals and birds.
Amul is an Indian dairy cooperative society.
The type of raisin varies according to the size of the grape.
Crouching can be done as many times as needed in a year.
Unnecessary weeds in the pond are destroyed by using herbicides.
Cultivator is also used in hand-operated plows like far.
Fish are given nutrients in fish farming.
Drinking water should be used as needed.
If you plant finger millet, millet, and horse gram together, it completes one crop cycle.
Hardy organisms are cultivated in the coastal areas of India.
A group of shepherds left the village with all their sheep.
The Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana is being expanded.
Wildlife is farmed by establishing sanctuaries.
A breed of goat called Beetal is raised in Punjab.
Farmer materials were provided for high grass production.
Timber wood is produced after ten years from a plant that has been tissue cultured ten times.
Minimum Support Price is called न्यूनतम समर्थन मूल्य in Maithili.
A grass cutting machine can also be operated by hand.
The use of a binder machine has not yet been seen in Mithila.
The agricultural sector is being affected due to climate change.
The government's revenue increases from the sale of retail materials.
The farmer used rodenticide to protect the crop from rats.
The use of leaf sensors first occurred in Israel.
The fertility of his land was destroyed due to climate change.
Multiple crops are harvested in a year in this type of farming.
Farmers should pay attention to marine agriculture.
It seems that the economic situation of pearl farmers has improved through pearl farming.
Too much harvesting of crops can destroy natural resources.
The farmer changed the agricultural process for the growth of his crops.
Timber is only produced after 25 years.
Weeds spread because of nomadic people.
A Kisan Credit Card scheme was started for farmers in the village.
Goods made from jute look good.
Grazing sheep can destroy the world's lifestyle.
This machine is used in places where there is little land.
Tata Institute is a very famous tea institute.
Electricity is needed to run this machine.
Research is being done on the ecological importance of the Anerua tree.
Irrigation is the most important task in farming.
After submitting the application, the officer inspected the farmer's land.
Calves have been born through artificial insemination for some decades.
Rubber is made from the milk of the rubber tree through a special process.
By raising sheep, wool, milk, meat, skin, horns and bones are obtained.
The wool obtained from sheep's hair sells for a high price.
Paddy production decreased due to unseasonal rains.
The Maddu or Madda irrigation system does not work in Mithila.
Arrangements are made to keep water and feed in the chicken coop.
Milk is taken out of the bulk tank and given to the supplier.
His owner taught him many types of gardening work.
In India, many new technical terms are used to measure agricultural land area.
Beetroot is planted as a root vegetable.
The Ministry of Rural Development's job is to focus on the social and economic development of Indian villages.
Since corn has a lot of carbohydrates, it is considered good for cattle.
She makes many kinds of jewelry using jute.
Is sugarcane also used to make sugar?
Cardamom is a spice with medicinal properties.
Beehives are artificially made in boxes to be raised.
Fish are raised in ponds, wells, and rivers everywhere.
In the year 2018/19, rice production was more than 110 million tons.
Firewood, thread, stones, gold, cotton, and minerals are examples of natural materials.
During the spring season, bees tend to swarm and make separate colonies.
Almonds are edible seeds, which are used as dry fruits.
Does Kerala have the highest annual rubber production in more than 600,000 areas?
The American Deere organization is the world's largest agricultural equipment manufacturer.
Seven types of paper are currently in use.
Agricultural work is part-time, not full-time, for farmers.
Due to high demand for oysters, many oysters are killed.
Pashmina wool is a very fine type of wool.
In Jharkhand, farming like this is a compulsion.
When you didn't use pesticide, did the crops get infested with insects?
Dry farming is done in places where there's a lack of water.
In the morning, the place of worship was plastered with cow dung.
Irrigation statistics tell you how much irrigation happened in which field.
How many kilograms of pointed gourd can be grown in one kattha of land?
After planting wheat seeds, how do crops come quickly on the plants?
How to protect chilies from insects in the initial stage?
How much loan can you get in the farmer's insurance scheme?
Which is the best variety of spine gourd?
How to know about insect infestation in crops inside the soil?
After planting lentils, which crop is good in that field?
How to remove curly or twisted leaves?
How do I send my crop to another place?
How do I know if the produced vegetables are pure?
In which month and season should mung seeds be sown?
How to know the weekly market price?
Coniferous wood was needed for building construction.
Under the environmental impact of irrigation, both good and bad things must be considered.
Kashmiri wool is prepared by the people of Kashmir.
Single super phosphate is a type of chemical fertilizer.
Sheep farmers have the convenience of not having to go to the market to sell sheep.
In fish farming, the fish are given nutrients.
No special methods or tools are used to make seedlings for planting.
Bamboo is found in all regions except Europe and Antarctica.
Local cows should be inseminated by local bulls.
Did they have to use some equipment to apply the pesticide?
The shepherd group left the village with all their sheep.
The farmer got the opportunity to cultivate on hilly soil.
Surgical gut is made from animal intestines.
The wood of dicot trees is used to make charcoal.
In Mithila, bulls are also called by names like Nandi, Rajaji, etc.
Farm trucks are used by big farmers.
The farmer saved water through micro-irrigation.
It is possible that there are still people who do this kind of farming in the middle of the jungle.
Many home decoration items are made from acacia trees.
We first saw the drip irrigation system in Madhya Pradesh.
Sheep wool is used in various fields.
His entire crop was destroyed due to weeds.
On Gandhi Jayanti, people spun thread from the spinning wheel.
You can control weeds to improve crop growth.
The price of onions, garlic, etc. is too high because of the shortage.
You can register for the livestock insurance scheme online.
The coconut gold trade should be done from outside.
Lemonade is made from lemon juice.
Everything on this earth has ecological importance.
We depend on nature for the production of timber.
Coffee spread throughout the world over time.
A special type of cutter is attached to the back of the tractor.
Multi-nutrient fertilizer is much better than single super phosphate.
The Kisan Credit Card scheme was launched for farmers in the village.
When multiple crops are grown sequentially in the same field, it is called crop rotation.
Natural fuel is obtained from animals.
The Indus Valley Civilization was discovered by the East India Company.
The merchant headed to the city to sell watermelons.
How many days after the chickpea plant sprouts should it be watered?
What are the harmful insects for mustard crops?
What happens by deep plowing?
What percentage of discount is available on threshers?
Which irrigation is cheapest and simplest for planting cauliflower?
What's the market price of one quintal of sugar?
What's the price of potatoes per quintal?
What kind of technology is used for irrigating mustard?
Where can I get information about agri-business?
For good production of kurthi, which fertilizer and how much should be applied?
Explain the loan taking process.
How much water should be given to paddy and what is the way to measure it?
What happens if you give too much water when cauliflower is flowering?
What kind of crop should be planted in sandy soil?
What is CSC Grameen e-Store?
Can hybrid seeds be used in organic farming?
How to cultivate aloe vera in the Terai region?
What to spray for the development of mango fruit?
Can we buy seeds online?
Which hybrid variety of maize is available in the market?
When is the season to plant pigeon pea?
What measures should be taken to remove termites from paddy?
What are the benefits of cross-pollination?
What is the way to sell marigold flowers online?
Give a suggestion to a farmer on how he can improve the soil of his agricultural land.
Chickens that lay eggs are slaughtered after seventy-two weeks.
The situation of agricultural machine manufacturers in India is not so good.
If a cow's udder gets a disease, it affects milk production.
The Minister of Food Industry was told about the benefits of natural fibers.
If there is no proper irrigation, the land may become barren.
To stop forest exploitation, it is necessary to protect it from deforestation.
Due to negligence, his crops were destroyed by weeds.
The bad effects of phosphorus and nitrogen fertilizer are high in water.
The crops were badly damaged due to lack of rain.
Plant glandular juice is very essential for plant growth.
Sahiwal cows are well-known in the dairy animal breed.
Shouldn't pesticides be used on infected crops?
Nutrient management greatly benefited her in growing crops.
Sweet custard apple is an example of a fruit with seeds.
Do you get a government subsidy when buying a power tiller?
What is the market price of one quintal of sugar?
Which method should be adopted in pointed gourd vines for high production?
Is hybrid seed good for good wheat production?
Which medicine is used to protect mustard from aphids?
How much water is needed for millet crop?
What's the process for applying for crop insurance?
What kind of farming method is most useful for pea farming?
How does too much sun affect mung bean plants?
What is the best time for finger millet farming?
Which is the best sugarcane crushing machine and where can I find it?
From which date in Kartik month should wheat seeds be planted?
What kind of crop should be planted in slippery soil?
When is the price of wheat highest?
What kind of motor should be used in vegetable farming?
What is the current price of wheat, how to find out?
Why are coffee seeds and tea leaves used on rose plants?
How many days after the chickpea plant sprouts should it be sprayed with water?
It has a shell on its body and it crawls.
Watermelon seeds have a high amount of nutrients.
It is used in medicine, cosmetics, beverages, etc.
Jute cultivation depends on climate, weather and soil.
The best fertilizer for horticulture is chicken manure, which is high in nitrogen.
Around eleven thousand metric tons of cherries are produced every year in Kashmir.
Organic cotton production maintains soil fertility.
Tinda is cultivated in many states.
Processed sugar is used in bread, canned fruits and vegetables, beverages, candy, etc.
You need a knife to extract wax from the hive cells.
European farmers produce the most fruits in the world.
Palm oil use is raising concerns due to deforestation in the tropics.
A cultivator is made to loosen the surface of the soil.
On the other hand, some farmers do animal husbandry and run a milk business.
Wheat is a major crop among the food crops of India.
Besides being a food source, buckwheat is also beneficial for the environment.
Olive is an evergreen tree whose fruit is used.
The dried stalk that remains after the grain and husk are removed is called straw.
There is a different kind of paper for fine art, which is called fine art paper.
Nematicides are very dangerous poisonous substances.
The controlled rearing of aquatic organisms such as fish, crustaceans, crabs is called aquaculture.
Yarn is made from natural and chemical materials as well.
Hey Mukhiya ji, the forest around the village dam is being cut down, is there any solution for that or not?
Nowadays, there are different kinds of grass cutting machines available.
Two-wheeled tractors are used for plowing fields, harvesting crops, and sowing seeds.
The Animal Husbandry Division under the Ministry of Agriculture and Farmer Development conducts livestock census.
Paper spread throughout the world due to China's papermaking methods.
After fermentation, the color of the cocoa fruit turns brown.
The weather department gave information about the humidity level in the north-eastern region.
There are many problems in the agricultural sector in India.
Thailand has a lot of natural rubber production.
The two-wheeled tractor looks good.
Domestic goats are used in various ways.
The agricultural infrastructure fund proved helpful for the development of the support team.
He supported his family by raising sheep.
Farming is mainly done in five ways all over the world.
A loader is a type of machine.
Different types of land are classified based on their use.
Raising livestock is also somewhat responsible for environmental damage.
There, in urban areas, customers choose their own goods in fertilizers.
There is a cycle of one oilseed crop between two pulse crops.
Planting turmeric or okra between banana plants is an example of intercropping.
Root vegetables store carbohydrates as starch.
Zaid crops are grown especially in summer from March to June.
Nowadays, cotton yarn is made from cotton wool by machine.
Jute is a fine, long and shiny thread, from which sacks or other goods are made.
Innovation in agriculture emphasizes new machines and technologies along with old practices.
The use of organic fertilizer is increasing now compared to chemical fertilizer.
This scheme is started to compensate the livestock farmers for the loss of their livestock's death.
Now Indian scientists have developed a mobile app to identify crop diseases.
Cardamom comes in small and large sizes.
Is tea farming decreasing because it consumes a lot of water?
Chemical fertilizers and pesticides are not used in organic farming.
What is the new irrigation technology?
Which is the best variety of Spiny Cucumber?
What is the process of harvesting aloe vera?
How is the soil prepared before planting mung beans?
What kind of fertilizer and seeds should be used for cauliflower farming?
Which farming method is better, chemical or organic?
Which improved variety of carrot seeds are there?
How are cows raised in the shed?
Drip irrigation is preferred over normal irrigation.
How can we buy seeds online?
How does soil texture affect the growth of plants?
Sheep reproduce like other mammals.
A thread cutting machine is a multi-spindle device, which is important for the textile industry.
The temperature of a greenhouse is hot because solar radiation passes through the transparent roof and walls.
The use of palm oil has raised concerns due to deforestation in the tropics.
Cutting down trees for different human needs is a direct cause of deforestation.
Out of all the milk produced worldwide, twenty-three percent is in India.
In India, cotton is cultivated in approximately ninety-four lakh hectares of land.
Stalks, straw, and husks are fed to cattle as fodder.
More than eleven lakh metric tons of marine products are exported from India.
In a temperate climate, some flowers bloom in two years; those are called biennial trees.
The farming that people do to fill their stomachs is subsistence agriculture.
Crocodiles are mostly found in Odisha, Bengal, and Tamil Nadu.
Hobbyists build greenhouses.
Taking care of things the right way can prevent pests.
In two thousand ten, the shallot was considered a different species than the onion.
In a biogas digester, waste materials are decomposed, and methane gas is released from it.
The government also gives subsidies to farmers to buy agricultural machinery.
The technique of obtaining high productivity through the balanced use of nutrients is called nutrient management.
Lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers, green beans, basil, etc., are grown using the hydroponics method.
Lift irrigation requires mechanical machines to get water to the fields.
Urad originated in South Asia, where it has been produced since ancient times.
Horticulture involves the cultivation of fruits and vegetables.
After India, the United States, China, Pakistan, and Brazil are next.
It is widely used as an Indian dish.
In India, agriculture machine making companies make different kinds of machines.
Farming without irrigation is called dry farming.
Seed selection is important when there is a lack of water.
Farmers should use the best equipment to prepare the soil.
The milk of a cow that has mastitis spoils.
You need oxen or a tractor to sow seeds.
Chickens are gathered in one place to be killed by this machine.
He ate peaches for a long time.
Surface irrigation keeps the field wetter than necessary.
Aquatic animals also live in the upper water.
The farmer pruned the plants carefully.
Sub-irrigation means watering only the roots of the plant without flooding the whole field.
Carpets, curtains, ropes, etc. are made from jute.
Animals are very useful for human life.
Crop diversity is encouraged in India.
Farmers' crops are protected by the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana.
Retail sales are a main pillar of the Indian economy.
Milk production is India's largest self-reliant industry.
This scheme is fully funded by the central government.
We have bamboo chairs, tables and other furniture in our house.
Roses, marigolds and lemon plants are counted as shrubs.
Around 14.5 million people are involved in fishing in India.
The white coir of coconut is used to make fine brushes, ropes, and fishing nets.
Corn bran is fed to livestock to increase milk production.
This kind of milk sells a lot in the city.
Bamboo is produced in 1.8 million hectares in Madhya Pradesh.
Many things are also made from human hair.
Betel nut is offered to God in worship.
Arrowroot is used to thicken yogurt, chutney, and jelly.
He's operating the grass cutting machine.
When using a seed drill, the plants are in a line.
India is the fifth country in the world in egg production.
The government also provides grants for raising indigenous cows.
Farmers have received financial support from the Pradhan Mantri Kisan Mandhan Yojana.
The capacity of sprouted seeds was higher than normal seeds.
The process of planting sesbania seeds and the process of planting paddy seeds are both different.
Employment increased in the village from the tea garden.
Land was allocated for agricultural use in his village.
The general public buys the farmer's produce at market prices.
Pesticide chemicals should be used very carefully.
The farmer did the farming work using the right tools.
It's very important to protect crops from insects.
Drinking milk without processing can be harmful to health.
The rat poison killed all the rats in his house.
Salt is used to make gut strings.
Modern irrigation has made the farmer's work easier.
The farmer takes care of the Pashmina goat.
A grass-grazing cow is considered healthy and gives a lot of milk.
Janak faced unemployment problems because of the planting people.
In the absence of water, farmers can take the help of drip irrigation.
The price of pearls has increased in the international market.
After harvesting the crop, the farmer should try to prevent grain loss.
Due to economic problems during the Corona period, migrant workers migrated.
Due to lack of storage, the produce has to be sold cheaply.
His son used modern agricultural processes.
Using too much phosphate fertilizer damages the field.
Hemp seeds are used as a spice in bean curry.
The fish got sick and didn't thrive.
The land that is shown in the forest area is called a forest plot.
Apricots strengthen the body by reducing air and phlegm.
A land imprinter plants seeds in the ground, waters them, and protects them from desert winds.
Raisins are made from grapes.
Phosphate fertilizer is extracted from phosphate rock.
Chitin is the second most produced natural fiber in India.
If you want to farm, get an education first, unlike the old days.
Chitosan is a form of chitin in which the acetylized structure of the copolymer is less than fifty percent.
To promote agriculture, the central government launched the National Agriculture Development Scheme.
The French bean is a green, soft, cylindrical vegetable of the bean family.
The Central Soil Conservation Board was established in nineteen fifty-three for soil conservation.
Low pressure aeroponic systems are the most popular, as they are easily available.
Besides this, small fish like Tengra, Gadai, Singhi, Kabai etc. are popular.
It supports the development of a vast range of non-extensive organisms.
Animal nutrition is very important in increasing the growth rate and productive capacity of animals.
Boat maintenance is expensive and they break down quickly, so their use is decreasing.
Regional variations in temperature and rainfall affect people and ecology.
If fruits get diseases, farmers suffer a lot of commercial loss.
Pollination management is done according to the pollination needs of a particular crop.
A temperature of more than twenty-five degrees and a relative humidity of seventy to ninety percent is required.
Freedom to recover from distress and behave normally is the main objective of animal welfare.
Maharashtra produces the most grapes in India.
It's important to have good management for raising livestock.
This disease is commonly seen in pets.
Some people also call curry leaves sweet neem.
Everyone should work on water conservation for sustainable farming.
If insects attack, you should spray neem.
Jackfruit is found in the market in the months of March and April.
The chiraunji tree is mostly found in dry hilly regions.
The process of changing crops in the field is called crop rotation.
Many types of weeds are found in different places in the same field.
It is very important to increase agricultural production to feed the growing population.
This scheme is being run by the Livestock Development Board in all states except Goa.
Where can I find makhana seeds?
What is a good way to feed a cow?
How to raise Jersey cows to produce more milk?
How much discount is there on the wheat threshing machine?
Is our soil clayey and sandy?
How to prevent flowers from falling from paddy panicles during the rainy season?
How to prevent the increase of cross-pollination?
Farmers make a living by working on family farms.
India is the largest producer of jute in the world.
This machine cuts both colors the same.
Farmers spray pesticides to protect their crops.
A planter is a type of machine used to plant seedlings.
Coniferous wood is used in house construction.
The reserve of liquid natural fuel is limited on this earth.
The government had to increase market prices to improve the economy.
We have to depend on the whole forest for timber.
The history of coffee is very old and rich.
Capacity is not equal in all living beings.
Shouldn't pesticides be used on infested crops?
Irrigation management improved the agricultural sector in the village.
Everyone benefited from the watermelon sales.
Paper is a very important commodity for a civilized society.
Produce stored in cold storage spoils quickly if left out for many days.
Very light paper was used for the leaflets.
Pearl farming cannot be done without training.
There was a lot of demand for amaranth grains in rural areas.
He found the water details on the leaves through sensory perception.
The farmer did agricultural work by following the correct equipment instructions.
The strength of the mesh material determines the quality of the mesh.
We had seen sprinkler irrigation in Madhya Pradesh for the first time.
Students worked really hard to pass the agricultural scientist exam.
When is the best time for finger millet farming?
What does the best breed of cow look like?
How much M-45 solution should be given to potatoes?
Useful items for animals are made from tree fibers.
Destructive fishing methods also affect people's lives.
Pea pods are a type of fruit, which are dark green in color.
Farmers' problems are increasing in lift irrigation.
Organic fertilizer is used to keep the land cultivable.
Watermelon seeds help with blood pressure problems.
Plants take and use micronutrients in small amounts.
Sonari breed of sheep is found in all these districts: Bundi, Kota, Jhalawar, Udaipur.
There is very little vegetable loss when cutting eggplant.
Workers were appointed for rice processing.
Marine agriculture can be done in various ways.
Goat milk is used a lot in hilly areas.
The veterinarian takes care of sick animals.
Goat intestines are used to make musical instruments.
The shepherd took a loan from the moneylender for the treatment of the sheep.
How can we irrigate tomato farming?
Which method is best for harvesting any crop?
How does low humidity affect our corn crop?
Which irrigation is good for weeding when irrigating wheat?
How to grow rose flowers faster?
What is the best time to plant medicinal mint?
Family farms can be kept fallow in the off-season.
Poor farmers lack crop storage.
The village land records are with the Patwari.
Amul Institute exports its milk products to the world.
The farmer was in a dilemma about choosing normal or sprouted seeds.
After shearing the sheep, its beauty is lost.
Animal feed is made from various elements of fish.
Very little potable water is available on Earth.
The process of making flowers from bamboo takes sixty-five years.
In the list of timber woods, Sal, Teak, Mahogany, Sisam and Pine are mentioned.
Aquatic lotus or water lily flowers are often found in stagnant water along the roadside.
Periwinkle color is also called Lavender Blue.
The herder has to work very hard in raising livestock.
In agricultural extension, it is better to cultivate after proper soil testing.
A hive has only one queen bee, all the others are soldiers.
Aquatic animals also clean the water.
Aeroponics is farming without soil.
There are many types of wood that are only good for burning.
Bulldozers have greatly benefited human life.
The Central Breeding Center was established in Hisar to improve sheep breeds.
Places where insects can hide can be made insect-resistant.
Farming methods are constantly changing due to technological innovations.
In the first year, the plant's stem, roots, and leaves develop.
It's harvest season right now, so I'm not meeting people, but we will soon.
Animal fiber is used in construction work as well as in domestic weaving and cutting.
Roti, Khakhra, Bhakri etc. are made from millet.
Daffodil is a trumpet-like flower plant.
Fodder is arranged for domestic animals.
Pomegranates are grown in Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, and Andhra Pradesh.
Every living being on this earth has to face the water crisis.
It is easy to move a machine with a small huller from one place to another.
Fertilizers are manufactured on a large scale in the industrial sector.
Chemical sprays can be named as one of the factors of agricultural pollution.
Due to market management, the demand for materials increased.
Irrigation management is an essential human-made task.
In some parts of the earth, clean drinking water is available as groundwater.
If a farmer buys some kind of machine, does the government give them a discount?
What medicine is there for wilt disease in chili plants?
What kind of soil is good for mint?
How much chili is produced in one acre of land?
How to protect your corn plants if a storm comes?
In winter, the growth of corn plants stops, what to do for its growth?
Which medicine is good for wheat weed control?
Due to land degradation, agricultural work could not be done in the village.
Water grass keeps the soil moist.
Seashell farming is done in coastal areas.
How are instruments like dholak, tabla, mridangam tightened with inner ropes?
Too much harvesting of crops can destroy natural resources.
Agricultural extension depends on the needs of the farmer.
Nowadays, the use of agricultural equipment is increasing.
Wool obtained from sheep's wool is sold at a high price.
If the land becomes barren, the environment is affected.
The use of shell destroyers makes the soil toxic.
Natural fertilizer is made after some time.
Nowadays, there's starting to be a shortage of people farming.
After tractors came, farmers' work became easier.
The weather department gave information about the humidity level in the northeast region.
The government was able to get information about crisis management to citizens through advertisements.
After ten years, wood to build a house will be ready from a plant tissue cultured ten times.
Many insects damaged the farmer's crops.
The Assaf sheep of Israel is very famous.
How to raise chickens, so that they are raised well?
Give information about the negative effects on plants if they get insects.
In corn farming, after planting seeds and irrigating per acre, how much fertilizer should be applied?
How much NPK fertilizer should be applied to one bigha of land?
If paddy gets insects, which medicine should be sprayed?
What is the appropriate method for crop storage?
What is the suitable weather condition for corn crops?
What is the name of the tool used to plant and harvest wheat?
Which medicine is good for corn, for pests?
There are three types of gardens.
Lentil farming is mostly done as a mixed crop.
There are two environmental impacts of farming, first resource-based and second, what is the atmospheric environment like.
His job is to balance economic, social and environmental needs.
Wood has many kinds of physical properties.
Spinach grows in the winter, it can handle frost, but not too much heat.
Bay leaf farming happens in very cold places.
eNAM is a way to do business all over India.
Agricultural production is an important base of the economy.
Many kinds of beauty products and medicines are also made from cocoa beans.
Using hybrid seeds gives a lot of yield.
What's the right price for rice?
How do we buy farming tools?
How many kilograms of DAP or urea, or chemical fertilizer, is needed to grow corn?
How many days apart should irrigation be done?
Sometimes it doesn't rain during monsoon season, and sometimes frost kills the crops in the winter.
Rubber farming happens on a very large scale in South India.
Pesticides are also put in water to control soil-dwelling organisms.
Is a water machine also used in boats?
Manohar has installed a biogas plant in his house.
Pineapple is mainly a fruit of Brazil, but it is also grown more or less everywhere in India.
Small animals are used as bait to catch fish like whales and sharks.
Pearl farming can be started with a little money.
Crops get ruined if fertilizer isn't used on time.
Paper production also affects the economy.
Pearls, scientists and astrologers work on it.
Bamboo's division depends on its use.
While leveling, the roller turns the soil clumps into dust.
To raise flies in fresh water, you have to add salt to it.
The problem of water freezing is a problem from every village to big cities and metropolises.
It was difficult for human civilization to develop on the banks of the rain river.
It is beneficial to farm after getting the soil checked properly and taking advice.
Chrysanthemum is a flower that blooms in autumn.
Planting trees keeps the ratio of gases in the environment correct.
The benefits of agroforestry can increase food production by ensuring agroforestry.
Due to green manure, the crop gets good air circulation.
Specific materials were imported from abroad for paper production.
Commercial goods are made from goat intestine fiber.
Natural rubber is obtained from the milk of a tree.
Fertilizer is used to increase the fertility of the land.
The use of biogas can conserve ancient biofuels.
It is not easy to cultivate in salty sea water.
Is paddy more fertile than corn in loam soil?
Our sugarcane crop has pyrella, what to do?
How much water does millet crop need?
How much does it cost in total to set up a plant for producing cattle semen, and what is the process?
What kind of soil is suitable for onion farming?
How much moisture is needed when corn is ripening?
What should be considered when preparing a hybrid seed crop?
How to cultivate aloe vera in Terai?
Which hormone is needed for seed germination?
Which variety of mustard is good?
Where to get advice for pest management?
Which tool to use to remove weeds in organic farming?
Is online buying and selling safe?
What happens by doing deep plowing?
Is hybrid seed good for good wheat production?
What contains the most nutrients?
Which is the best variety of spine gourd?
What kind of crop to plant in sandy soil?
What kind of motor should be used in vegetable farming?
Among the underground rivers, the name of Saraswati River is taken first.
Is cannabis cultivation legal for the industrial sector?
Can farmers spray pesticides from center pivot irrigation equipment?
Irrigation management helped conserve water in the village.
A machine with a small huller is easy to move from one place to another.
Mange medicine is made from goat droppings.
There aren't enough resources for storage in Mithila yet.
The timing of millet harvesting depends on the type of millet.
In the rural storage scheme, farmers can build their own storage houses.
The son (oil?) obtained from fruit keeps the digestive system healthy.
Because we don't have much information about the Anerua tree, we don't understand its ecological importance.
The funds from the Pradhan Mantri Kisan Samman Nidhi Yojana are received every four months.
People must be hired to control the Anerua tree in the field.
What are some good ways for us farmers to store crops?
How good is it to buy agricultural tools online?
How to increase crop production?
The cotton industry runs on cotton production.
Crape jasmine flowers are fragrant and shiny.
How many ways can potatoes be cooked and eaten?
Crop surveys also make it easier to implement many types of assistance schemes.
Why are hybrid rice plants more prone to pests?
Which rules are best to follow for the germination of makhana seeds?
If the plant's leaves look like a net, which pesticide should be used?
What should be the method for cultivating bananas in the winter season?
How can we store our millet production in a warehouse before it spoils?
What kind of thresher or machine should be used to thresh mustard?
How to get good tomato production with low expenses?
What rules should be followed when using pesticides?
How to sell any grain in the market to get a good price?
The chili plant has insects that cut the leaves, what to do about it?
How many days after planting should the first irrigation of chickpeas be done, like in vegetable farming?
How can modern equipment be made cheaper and more accessible?
The bean vines have blackness in the flowers, what to do about it?
A winnowing machine can get a lot of work done in a short time.
Because of the vehicle, the crops could be delivered on time.
Water pollution has affected all the aquatic plants in the village.
Yeast plays an important role in the production of alcohol.
Winnowing was done in traditional farming.
There are many bamboo forests in Japan.
Algae cultivation is often done for the development of microalgae.
Fair tea trade is the objective of the Indian Tea Association.
Quail is used in South Indian cuisine.
A genetically modified organism has many physical properties.
Here in Madhesh, there's no tradition of growing jute.
Crops that grow in the shade don't need a lot of sunlight.
The kids were so happy to see the lotus flowers in the pond.
If the cow doesn't get enough rest, it can affect milk production.
The farmer arranged straw bran for the horse.
Before, cow dung was used in the kitchen.
Many kinds of dishes can be made from rice.
Wool is produced from sheep for the factory.
Nitrogen fertilizer is made from ammonia in factories.
Liquid fertilizer used to be sold in dry form.
The domestic sheep gave the farmer a lot of profit.
The water source was polluted because garbage was dumped in the river.
The wool was removed from the sheep's mouth for cleaning.
The color and taste of cherry are very attractive.
The role of JCB is important in making ponds.
Physical hazards in the timber industry can harm employees.
Nutrients were given for balanced nutrition for the health of the sheep.
Potassium nitrate and potassium sulfate are found in potash fertilizer.
Clothes made from Kashmiri wool are expensive.
Sub-irrigation is a new way of irrigating.
The price can be high or low depending on the size of the farm.
Softwood has less density than hardwood.
Fruit tree wood includes mango, guava, kadam, jackfruit, jamun, palm, etc.
Do coconuts start falling on their own in the winter?
How much does it cost for one acre of chili farming?
What kind of soil is considered suitable for maize farming?
The farmer produced a balanced yield and sold it in the market.
He benefited a lot by growing crops through nutrient management.
The trader took milk products from the village to the city.
The use of fertilizers affects the food chain.
The earth's temperature has been increasing for some decades.
Bamboo is also used to carry the dead body to the cremation ground.
The structure of wood is made up of microscopic cells.
I was amazed to see the sprinkler irrigation system.
Fertilizers named Potash, Urea, Phosphate, DAP, etc. are found in the market.
Farmers buy combined machines through loans.
Drumstick or Sojina vegetables are available almost all year round.
The use of agricultural vehicles is very essential in the agricultural sector.
Doesn't the water crisis affect humans and all animals equally?
Due to financial constraints, farmers are not able to irrigate properly on time.
It is said that the lemon factory was established in Kashmir in the 15th century.
Along with the government, the general public has also become very aware of planting trees lately.
Before threshing, you must check if it is dry or not.
The agricultural market has also led to the development of industry and business.
The use of gardening equipment helps to plant a lot of horticulture.
Bees give us honey.
Is irrigation necessary for lentil cultivation?
How much fertilizer should be applied to two bighas of wheat field?
How to cultivate mushrooms?
What kind of farming gets government subsidies?
What is the method of fish farming?
What is the best time to irrigate a potato field?
Can wheat be grown with organic fertilizer?
What is the way to buy irrigation equipment online from home?
What are the tools used during rice harvesting?
Which is the best breed of cow?
What is the best way to feed a cow?
In which month should tobacco be harvested so that it can be protected from water?
What kind of irrigation system is there in rural areas?
Is the infestation of insects that make holes in okra leaves?
How does too much sun affect mung bean plants?
Which breed of goat gives the most meat?
Which variety of corn yields the most?
Which mobile app can we use to buy farming equipment?
How to safely store potatoes in a warehouse for a long time?
What kind and how much fertilizer should be applied for good horse gram production?
What measures should be taken to remove termites from paddy?
Which hybrid variety of corn is available in the market?
Which is better among mustard and rapeseed in oilseeds?
What are the benefits of applying zinc in the field?
Organic farming should be prioritized over the use of chemicals in agriculture.
India is the largest producer of pulses, rice, milk, jute and cotton in the world.
Kharif crops are sown at the beginning of the rainy season, between April and May.
Wood is used as fuel.
Khuddan is made by tying it with a rope and tying it to a bamboo stick.
Its plants can also be seen in less used ponds and hills.
Is Ketari's behavior especially used to make sugar, jaggery and alcohol?
Traditional fishing promotes fish production from boats.
How many types of wood are there, including jamun, jackfruit, and kahul?
The pearl grown in the winter season is of very good quality.
You know, avocado is an excellent fruit from Mexico.
Production in India and worldwide improves the economy.
How many days after planting seeds in the nursery should the seedlings be planted in the field?
Where can you find good stuff at the lowest price in the agri-market?
How to produce green vegetables with low investment?
Mustard leaves are turning yellow and falling off, how to spray medicine on it?
Which crop is regur soil suitable for?
Do small farmers like us get crop insurance or not, and how can we get it?
Which is the best equipment or goods to buy in the agriculture market?
How much of an offer can be given on an Eicher tractor?
When and how to irrigate in maize farming?
Which is a good variety of hybrid pea seeds?
What are the effects of using chemical fertilizers and pesticides on health?
Is weeding also necessary?
When planting wheat seeds, how to use plows like cultivators and rotavators or other plows?
How should the field be prepared before planting garlic?
How much does it cost per acre for wages to plant paddy?
How much does one metric ton of mung cost in wages, and how much urea to add?
In which month is the paddy crop good?
How to make grains produce more milk and how to make the body stronger?
How much labor cost for one metric ton of corn and how much urea should be applied?
With the water availability in the Koshi region, which method is good and affordable?
Is there a need to apply any pesticide while preparing the field for corn cultivation?
What effect does cold wave have on wheat crop?
How many months old is this cabbage seed you gave?
What kind of soil is suitable for onion farming?
Is local fertilizer and manure good when cultivating wheat?
What kind of loan schemes are there from the government's side?
Can all farmers sell online?
Which crops are good in the rainy season?
How many millimeters of rainfall is required for rice cultivation?
If we do vegetable farming, what kind of climate is needed for that?
What kind of soil is considered suitable for corn cultivation?
Which method is best for pest management?
The grain produced by the farmer fills the stomachs of all people.
Farming done to run the household expenses is called substitute farming.
After harvesting the crop, the grain should be dried in the sun.
The agriculture law was passed by an absolute majority in both houses of parliament.
Do you know who is the largest producer of pulses worldwide?
Licenses are issued for fertilizer distribution through the departments of the Ministry of Agriculture.
Everyone in the village gives their milk and milk products to Amul company.
Make black lentil soup for breakfast today.
Gaddi sheep are small in size and found in Kishtwar and Bhaderwah tehsils of Jammu.
It is not necessary to rely on electricity for hemp processing.
After plowing, the field becomes level with the chokiyela.
After removing the husk from the paddy, the farmer sold his grain in the market.
Armored killer kills creatures like slugs, snails, conch shells.
A special type of wood is produced in the nation of Brazil.
He received assistance from the Dairy Entrepreneurship Development Scheme for milk production.
Excessive exploitation will cause future generations to suffer.
Since childhood, he had a lot of interest in horticulture.
Herds are managed by creating this type of path from the grazing area to the resting place.
Rajendra Singh Paroda's name is listed among the famous agricultural scientists.
How to grow green vegetables with low investment?
How much does a crate of eggs cost?
Is sprinkler irrigation best for paddy crops?
Does the champa flower benefit from pollination?
Which is better for milk, cows or buffaloes, in dairy animals?
How to use medicine to prevent peas from being killed by frost?
We have loamy soil, will peanuts grow in it or not?
Guards have been appointed for crocodile conservation.
Betel nut is used in betel leaf.
A dairy cow's mental health is important for milk production.
Straw, reeds, stalks, etc. are used to make Junna.
Combine machines have a very important role in agriculture.
Bisarahia is a bacterial disease found in goats.
Chickens raised for meat weigh three to five kilos.
Hada Shankha grows automatically because it is fatal to farmers.
The government deposited the financial assistance into the farmer's bank account.
Through mutual cooperation, the farmers formed an agricultural cooperative.
The Ministry of Agriculture and Farmers Welfare works for agricultural welfare.
Modern equipment is used abroad to collect tea leaves.
Farmers in marine areas do fish farming.
Marine agriculture is causing the emergence of diseases in aquatic organisms.
Where should I advertise to sell my crops in the market?
How do I find out what the price of wheat is right now?
How to protect fruits from insects for a long time?
What kind of sugarcane crushing machine is best and where can I find it?
How does the stem borer insect ruin the crop?
How much loan can I get for agricultural equipment?
Which crop gives the most yield with what kind of seed?
What should be done if there is too much salt in the soil?
How many days after the chickpea plant sprouts should it be watered?
How to know if wheat has fourteen percent moisture?
What is the name of the rice planting machine and how much does it cost?
Why shouldn't chickpea farming be done in a place with water?
How can self-pollination be prevented?
What kind of technologies are there for the post-harvest process?
What kind of soil is suitable for potato farming and how do you prepare the soil?
You shouldn't give it to people for more than the market price.
Marketing was done for agricultural materials in the market.
Water consumption is low in sub-irrigation.
India is the largest producer of jute in the world.
Excessive use of drinking water has created a water crisis in many countries.
There is no village in Mithila without a garden.
After harvesting Asouni grain, it is threshed.
Coffee is mainly produced in the hilly regions of South India.
Along with farming, Manohar also does animal husbandry and beekeeping.
A mollusk is a type of invertebrate organism.
Fertilizer spreading machine is very useful in human life.
Any chemical used in agriculture is called an agrochemical.
In fishing also, insects are used as bait.
Barren land is not used for cultivation for many decades.
Natural fibers originate from trees and humans.
According to their ability, all creatures on this earth work.
The beauty of the flower garden remains when bushes are trimmed from time to time.
Harvesting machines make it very easy to harvest crops.
Tulips are cultivated a lot in the northwestern Himalayan region of India.
Deoni cows were developed from the mating of cows and buffaloes.
The doctor suggested that the patient consume fruit fiber.
Farmers use grain carts to transport their produce to the market.
Due to climate change, the fertility of his land was destroyed.
Buffalo milk contains various types of nutrients.
Anerua trees need to be uprooted from time to time.
In some parts of the earth, clean drinking water is available as groundwater.
The domestic sheep gave a lot of benefit to the farmer.
The pollination process is of two types, self-pollination and cross-pollination.
A license was required for importers and exporters of agricultural materials.
There is no village in Mithila without a garden.
Is the work of drying grain done by a device like an electric fan?
It's hard to farm in dry places because of lack of water.
Using biofuels also helps with transportation.
Crape jasmine or Chandni flower is called Taggad flower in Angika.
Planting corn with a machine makes farming much easier.
Using regular seeds wasted the farmer's time.
The government should make proper use of fertile land.
Natural rubber is obtained from the milk of a tree.
Coniferous and dicotyledonous are types of wood from trees.
Some species are also red, white, and spotted.
Flat land is valuable for agriculture.
India exports materials like mustard in large quantities.
The fragrance of the gudarainchi flower is used in soaps, oils, candles, etc.
Agricultural law has been violating farming laws in India for years.
The amount of tree gland juice is destroyed in a polluted environment.
The grape wine benefited the farmer a lot.
Sheep grazing can destroy the world's life system.
Grass is also grown in the fields for animals.
Urea is named as a source of nitrogen.
Very light paper was used for advertising.
The institute researched customer needs for material sales.
You can maintain soil fertility by adding fertilizer.
Feeding the animals makes them give more milk.
A plant grown to decorate the house.
Plowing the field loosens the soil and also controls weeds.
Jammu and Kashmir produces the most timber.
Sugarcane is cut and taken to the mill, the sugarcane is crushed by the farmer and the mill to extract the juice, right?
In the aeroponics system, water is given to the roots.
A grain cart takes the grain from the field to the warehouse or market.
Agroecology is adopting new methods in the ecosystem needed for farming.
Agricultural universities provide many ways of farming and information related to farms.
Gujarat is first and Maharashtra is second in cotton production.
After acquiring land for government work, the land is valued through the Land Acquisition Department.
There are many types of bananas, Singapore and Malbhog are very famous.
Molluscicides are a type of chemical, which is used as a pesticide.
Commercial banana farming is also very profitable.
Nutritional information is needed for profitable and sustainable animal husbandry.
This is a protective protein, which reduces the possibility of cutting, tearing and piercing.
Lentils are nutritious and easy to cook.
The Government of India started the White Revolution in 1970.
Forty-two breeds of sheep have been registered in our country.
There's development in the field from agricultural research to industry.
Hydrogen is a fourth-generation biofuel.
Angora wool is extracted from Angora rabbits.
Its plant is about six meters tall.
Grinder mixer is used for grinding.
In India, every farmer in every village produces green vegetables.
Do you know how mercerized cotton is made?
Mango, lychee, jackfruit, pomegranate, and sanai are grown as domestic plants.
Digitization in agricultural production also protects crops.
Nowadays, machines are used to extract wool from sheep.
Alpaca is an animal found in South Africa.
In all species, the cowrie is an example of the most expensive mollusk.
For livelihood, he started a fish farming business.
Animal skin and internal organs contain collagen.
Kashmiri wool is more comfortable compared to other wools.
Cows of different breeds were displayed at the fair.
Wine is made from grapes.
Carrot production is high in the winter season.
The Food and Agriculture Organization was established in America.
India is the fifth country in the world in egg production.
The sale of wild fish has increased due to high demand.
Artificial insemination was used to increase the number of sheep.
The history of paper is connected to human life.
This machine cannot be operated in a small field.
Due to the increased price, there was low demand in the agricultural equipment market.
Gold can also be obtained from Ramtorai.
Pollen helps in the production of animal semen.
He was invited by the Ministry of Rural Development.
The production of Sal for timber takes place after twenty-five years.
Farmers in remote areas benefit from the lift irrigation scheme.
He used to take very good care of his milch cow.
Goat skin has commercial uses.
For the factory, the trader traded mustard from the farmer.
Laying hens are slaughtered after seventy-two weeks.
India ranks first in the world in jute production.
Grain drying machines are used in the food processing industry.
The farmer easily got paddy seeds from the seed bank.
They work together on the family farm with themselves and other family members.
Goat intestines are used to make musical instruments.
Lemon water helps in weight loss.
The land should always be flat for farming.
After growing paddy, it is threshed.
Gardens make it easier for animals to live.
Agricultural engineering produces improved seeds.
Wood is used to make beds, windows, and doors.
Due to irrigation problems, the ground water goes very low.
People also plant it in their homes and parks for decoration.
Monitoring and early warning, drought assessment and response are the main pillars of drought management.
Poppy seed is an oilseed obtained from opium poppy.
Agroforestry provides important employment opportunities nowadays.
Millet is used as animal feed and human food.
A subsoiler has three to four shanks attached to a frame.
Raisins are full of antioxidants, iron, calcium, fiber and protein.
Dairy farming is a profitable business because of high demand.
Mutton is also sold at a high price.
Excessive exploitation of ground water has created a water crisis.
Various types of studies related to agronomy are done in agricultural ecosystems.
Raw mangoes are boiled to make Aam Panna.
Ginger and turmeric are easily cultivated in mango orchards.
Dung manure is also used as organic fertilizer.
Farmers in and around Bhagalpur have also gotten a lot of relief from this scheme.
The Jan Krishi Yojana was developed because of the government's policy in agriculture.
Sugani Aama crushes grapes, mixes yeast in it, and makes local wine at home.
Women's contribution in the Indian agricultural sector is important.
The papers are of seven different types.
Most of the corn is produced in tropical agroforestry.
A bush cutting machine can be operated by both hand and electricity.
Arranging irrigation is an essential, man-made task.
Too much harvesting has seriously affected the fertility of the land.
Due to impure water, there is migration, famine, and unemployment in human civilization.
Developed states do agricultural work through modern equipment.
The farmer produced sweet fruit with tireless effort.
He benefited a lot from the animal business.
How can the sterility of papaya be removed?
I cultivate wheat, how is it best to irrigate it?
What is necessary for seed germination?
Sir, after spending on organic farming, is the production profitable?
How to grow spinach faster?
The possibility of becoming barren increases when land is not used.
West Bengal has the highest production of goat meat.
Cows usually produce less milk in the morning.
What crop to plant in slippery or clay soil?
How to improve the overall growth of chili farming?
What's the solution to remove soil compaction?
Worms are making holes in the eggplant, what medicine to give?
How to protect tomato plants from curly top virus?
What is the solution to protect crops from locusts by scaring them away?
What medicine to give to protect cucumber vines from curly top virus?
How to know what offers are available when buying fertilizer or medicine?
What kind of agricultural tool to buy for crop irrigation?
How to protect the spinach field from pests?
Pollination in fruit plants happens in many ways, first from the anther to the stigma of a flower on the same plant.
After plowing the field with a harrow, it is leveled by attaching a rotavator to the tractor.
Humidity is the combined form of air, water, and sunlight.
The binder machine was invented in 1872 by Charles Baxter.
Gir cows from Gujarat and Sahiwal cows from Madhya Pradesh give the most milk.
Fertile land is shown under cultivated land.
A stream of water flows in the paddy field.
Pearl farming is done in the Gulf of Mannar in the state of Tamil Nadu.
Planting two or more crops together is called intercropping.
Vegetable oil and animal oil are found in people's food.
A backhoe is a type of excavation equipment or digging machine.
Chiraunji is used to make sweets.
Peach fruit has a lot of juice and pulp.
A place where pigs are raised and bred is called crocodile farming.
Mint is considered a plant of the Mentha family.
In spear fishing, fish are killed by going into the water and spearing them with a sharp object.
Raising animals also comes under farming.
Migrant workers are of two types: opportunity-based and forced-based.
Snails are also called mollusks.
Field beans, that is, beans, are eaten by people as vegetables, and also fed to animals.
Nowadays, soil health is also checked.
Uncured rubber is used for its property of sticking to cement.
Farmers work very hard in the fields in the sun, rain, and dark.
In agricultural university, many ways of farming and information related to the field are given.
Chitosan dissolves easily in acidic solution.
We have sandy soil here, can khesari and chickpeas be cultivated in this soil?
How can makhana production be made marketable?
How many kilograms of urea should be applied per acre in wheat cultivation?
How many kilograms of urea should be applied per kattha after wheat irrigation?
Is it necessary to spray any pesticide in the field before planting crops?
Doesn't sohari taste good with pigeon pea lentils somewhere?
In the mountains, people raise a lot of animals, especially sheep.
Organic farming protects society from pollution and saves energy.
Rubber technology is a part of science where you learn to turn rubber into useful things.
They should take it directly to the market and sell it.
The most milk in India is produced in Uttar Pradesh.
In India, crop cultivation is mainly based on the weather.
Alhua's sweets are also made, you know?
Jute is of many types, in Bengal, Baisakhi Tossa variety is produced.
NPK fertilizer is a mixture of many fertilizers, especially nitrogen, phosphorus and potash.
There is a slight difference in the humidity of Kolkata and the coastal area.
In addition to fish, many other types of organisms are raised in the pond for fish farming.
Permanent crops give fruits to the farmer many times after planting once.
India is in the second most important position in tea production.
Oil is also made from rice bran.
One acre of land has four thousand eight hundred and forty square yards of land.
People are all careful after being told beforehand.
Barbari, Black Bengal, Sirohi, Marwari and Osmanabadi are some of the domestic goats of India.
Many women have benefited from the Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana.
Because it didn't rain, the village is having a water crisis.
A chauki nissan is made from wood, which makes it easier to break up clumps of soil.
Hemp seeds can be bought very cheaply in the market.
Because we don't have much information about the Aneruwa tree, we don't understand its ecological importance.
Rubber is also used in playgrounds.
The paper factory needed a lot of raw materials.
Does pesticide have a bad effect on the environment?
In Analac forestry, information is given about planting special types of forests.
Mohan's whole family makes a living by herding cattle.
The main water sources for irrigation are water, rivers, and the like.
Kunduru is called Kunari in Angika.
Farming goods are sent abroad through agricultural policy.
A male lamb is called a patha and a female lamb is called a panthi.
Soft wood is light to pick up.
The tree's nutrients are very useful for the tree.
It is not easy to buy land for farming.
A drone is a small aircraft that operates without a pilot.
Flowers are also cultivated in the forest garden.
In Bihar, lentil dal is cooked in almost every household.
In India, coffee is grown in the hills of South India.
Tree fibers are of many types, like seed fiber, leaf fiber, stem fiber and other different fibers.
In villages, people use nets to catch fish.
Some robots are skilled at milking, while some are at harvesting crops.
Many kinds of dishes are made using lentil soup.
In sub-irrigation, the underground water of the field is controlled.
Sirohi and Mehsana breeds of goats are mostly found in the state of Gujarat.
Many trees were planted by making a garden.
The Ministry of Rural Development makes plans for the development of rural areas.
White jute cultivation is done in Bengal.
Agrochemicals include man-made fertilizers and pesticides.
Using too much phosphate fertilizer damages the field.
When an animal gives birth, milk production is high.
The use of chemical fertilizers is not beneficial for the soil.
He has a very big natural rubber farm.
The betel nut traders showed everyone different types of betel nuts.
Bananas are found in the market by the dozen.
Now many machines have come to extract tur.
In organic farming, completely organic fertilizer is used.
Animal-based farming is done for items obtained from animals.
The school's paper demand was fulfilled.
He bought insect-based feed for his livestock.
A medium-sized apple has four grams of fiber.
A peach tree starts bearing fruit in two to three years.
Mungri is used in wheat farming to separate the wheat grains from the husk.
Life cannot be imagined without water.
Honey processing was done for the best coffee.
Commercial yarn is made from tur in factories.
Timber is used to make beds, stools, tables, benches, chairs, etc.
Migrant parents should have arrangements to educate their children.
Human civilization develops where water is easily available.
The planted crop does not need a lot of sunlight.
Different types of agricultural practices are used in different regions of India.
Modern irrigation has increased the yield capacity in the fields.
The production time of everything in the agricultural sector is different.
How do I quickly find out the new price of any crop on my mobile?
Which crop is suitable for sandy soil fields with less irrigation?
How to store wheat safely after harvesting?
Is corn yield good in loamy soil?
How much subsidy does the government give to buy a tractor?
How much fertilizer should be applied per bigha in wheat cultivation?
What are the benefits of animal husbandry?
After plowing the field, it is leveled.
Algaecides are useful for various tasks.
Farmers should check the fertility of their land every year.
Sheep meat is used as food in hilly areas.
In Sikkim, tea leaves are picked and collected by hand.
Agricultural extension also increases agricultural production.
Balanced nutrition was given for the health of the sheep.
Due to malnutrition, the sheep could not give birth to a healthy baby.
The nutrition of the animals was taken care of in the zoo.
Farmers in hilly areas raise sheep.
What is the right way and how to choose the soil for tomato cultivation?
We have sandy soil, can we grow mustard or not?
I want to take a loan for a small farmer, how to get it?
Which month is good for Rabi crops and until when is late Rabi?
In which month can peas be grown?
What kind of crop is good in loam soil?
What kind of fertilizer should be used to make the soil fertile?
When the rice panicles come out, which powder is sprinkled to make them bloom well?
Which agri product should be used to increase tobacco production?
What kind of soil is best for mango farming?
Which seed is good for jute?
Which breed of buffalo is the best?
What is the process to buy equipment online?
Which variety of corn gives a lot of yield?
In which season are wheat seeds sown for the next harvest?
What is the way to control pests in lentils?
What kind of irrigation system should be there for banana farming?
What kind of crop is suitable for a field with a lot of soil?
What are the symptoms if cucumber leaves start to wilt?
Did the mangoes fall because of the hail and storm?
Which tractor machine is good for harvesting wheat crops?
How much does it cost per acre to plant rice?
What should be done to prevent red spider in papaya?
How many days after the corn plants sprout should weeding be done, and how?
When is paddy and sugarcane farming done?
Controlling weeds makes the production better.
Before, bhakari, dhak, kothi etc. were used for storage.
This is a type of fine wool that is made from the hair of Angora goats.
He got a good harvest because of the sprouted seeds.
There are many different types of gardens in Vrindavan.
He was eating peaches for a long time.
When the plant starts getting insects, then it needs to be sprayed with medicine.
It is more appropriate to call a farmer a food producer instead of a food donor.
There should be arrangements for the children of migrants to study.
The mungri is used by hand, not by machine.
If they get enterotoxemia, goats die in three to four hours.
Recycled paper weighs more than regular paper.
The farmer chose different types of seeds for his land.
Water is extracted from the wood pulp by high pressure.
If you drink coffee, you won't feel sleepy.
Farmers have to pay tax to process hemp.
Jute is known after it rots in water.
Many farmers bring their saleable sheep to the place where sheep are sold.
Farmers need training to commercialize agricultural production.
Pearl production happens in many places in India.
His mother made a very delicious dish of jackfruit.
The bushes increased the beauty of the farmer's garden.
Rubber is traded a lot in Thailand.
How to prevent blight in potatoes?
How many times should a wheat field be irrigated?
What's the market price for one quintal of sugar?
How to increase mustard/rapeseed production in fertile or clay soil?
Does the bitter gourd vine turn yellow because of pests?
Which breed of cow gives the most milk?
Where can I get a crop insurance plan?
In which month is lentil seed usually planted?
How much does it cost to buy a paddy thresher?
Which medicine is used to prevent mango flowers from falling?
Grass cutting machines play an important role in agriculture.
Agriculture has a special place in agricultural economics.
A vacuum milking machine has a pump with a valve, a plastic tube, and a rubber brush.
Which farming method is better, chemical or organic?
In which season are seeds sown for early wheat?
Should I use chemical fertilizer or organic fertilizer in the field?
How is chili sold per kilo?
How to protect a spinach field from pests?
What affects the amount of water in irrigation?
How to protect mustard flowers from aphids?
How to ensure 100% germination of wheat seeds?
What is primary and secondary tillage?
My bitter gourd plant has insects and grasshoppers, how can I prevent that?
What kind of irrigation method and technology should be used after the tomatoes bear fruit?
How many kilograms of urea can be applied per acre when cultivating sunflower?
After planting peas, birds pick them and eat them, how can I get rid of this?
In which month can mustard be cultivated?
How to make a hybrid pumpkin that produces large and fast-growing fruits?
How to produce green vegetables with low investment?
Which tool is used to dig potatoes?
Leaf sensor works instantly.
Wood is also one of the factors affecting the economy.
Crops are grown according to the type of soil.
Is rope made from banana leaves?
Lily flowers grow even without fertilizer.
The cost increases a lot in lift irrigation.
Cultured pearl farming is mostly done in Tamil Nadu and Darbhanga district of Bihar in India.
The leaves of frangipani flowers are a bit large.
Vegetable oil in the kitchen is an example of biofuel.
Many modern equipments are installed in crocodile farming.
From a commercial point of view, sheep farmers have all kinds of facilities.
What kind of soil is best for wheat?
How much does it cost in total to set up a cattle semen production plant, and what is the process?
How to harvest paddy in a short time?
What breed of cow can farmers in the Mithila region raise?
How much does it cost to load one metric ton of potatoes onto a truck?
What is the process of cutting Aloe vera?
What benefits is the government providing to protect from the climate crisis?
Is a brush cutter good for harvesting paddy, and is the cheaper one good?
What kind of thresher or machine is used for mustard threshing?
How can village farmers sell online?
Industrial agriculture using chemical fertilizers does not involve animals.
Marijuana is used in many medicines as well as in the worship of Shiva.
Pearl fish farming is also profitable.
Small farmers make good use of the land.
The job of a forest engineer is to survey in forest areas.
It is not possible to farm without soil.
Goat meat is used as food.
Farmers can grow many crops through modern equipment.
Stem fiber is very important for tur production.
The use of shell destroyers is very common in the beekeeping industry.
Coffee demand increased because many coffee shops opened.
Goat milk has a lot of nutrients.
Scientists produced new breeds by genetically modifying organisms.
Farmers can improve infrastructure through the Agricultural Infrastructure Fund.
China is the largest producer of wood.
Net construction is very important in fisheries.
To graze sheep, you have to move from one place to another.
The best trees are chosen for paper production.
Production holds the most important place in the agricultural sector.
Organic fertilizer does not destroy the fertility of the land.
Pomegranate consumption is very beneficial for the human body.
Natural fiber or gold is obtained from trees and animals.
To avoid grain loss after harvest, all work should be arranged near the field.
Farmers easily obtained paddy seeds from the seed bank.
Farmers can increase the yield of their soil through the Soil Health Card scheme.
America is a very large producer and consumer of wood.
The agricultural sector has a very deep impact on the Indian economy.
Hemp is also used for smoking.
Fish can be kept disease-free with various medicines and treatments.
Tea was discovered by the Chinese king Shennong.
Making a path like this from the grazing area to the resting place makes it easier to manage the herd.
The people took very good care of the buffalo calves.
The exodus of migrant workers was a matter of concern for the government.
Weather is predicted based on information received from satellites.
The type of timber depends on its quality.
With the help of a milk storage machine, the milk doesn't spoil.
Bees don't pollinate champak flowers.
How much fertilizer is needed in the field for higher bean production?
How much moisture is needed to plant mustard?
In Mithila, how much fertilizer should be applied for good stevia cultivation in the plains now?
How can self-pollination be prevented?
Which soil is best for pulse cultivation?
For how many days can chilies be stored in a cold store?
Where and how can I find equipment to remove the shell from water chestnuts?
Milk only goes to the milk plant after being sold locally.
The municipality collected a fine from the businessman for wasting water.
Commercial rubber production takes place in the Amazon rainforest.
The bamboo's division makes it easy to name it.
The farmer cultivates on one bigha of his land.
Farmers should use the best equipment for soil preparation.
Every creature works on this earth according to their ability.
The use of the spinning wheel was most prevalent during Gandhi's time.
Modern irrigation has increased production capacity in the fields.
The Indus Valley Civilization was found in Pakistan and India.
Black tea leaves are used a lot.
The veterinarian keeps checking the health of the animals from time to time.
After planting wheat seeds, how does the crop arrive in the plant so quickly?
Which fertilizer is more useful for vegetable farming?
Only a little flood water has come into our paddy field, what effect will that have on the rice?
Can paddy fields be irrigated with sprinklers?
What kind of benefits is the government providing to protect from the climate crisis?
What kind of farming gets government subsidies?
Are small farmers eligible for loans to buy farmland?
Hybrid seeds are resistant to major weather changes and diseases.
What offers are there on straw reapers right now?
What should be cultivated in the winter season?
What is the prevention measure for gall midge in linseed plants?
How much moisture should there be to store paddy crops?
Mustard leaves are turning yellow and falling off, what medicine should be sprayed on it?
We have sandy soil in our area, can pulses be cultivated here or not?
Why are the leaves starting to wilt, what does that mean?
How much does labor cost for one metric ton of rice, and how much urea is needed?
Animal-based farming is done for the products obtained from animals.
With the help of bank loans, farmers can do shrimp farming.
Farmers can improve infrastructure through the agricultural infrastructure fund.
Farmers can easily do agricultural work through tractors.
No special technique is used in making a hoe.
The use of modern equipment has simplified the sheep wool production process.
Many poor laborers in the village worked in rice processing.
Now, rooftops are also being rented out in the city for rooftop farming.
Planting trees is very important because pollution has increased.
Micronutrients are used in small amounts.
Researchers should study the technical challenges of irrigation.
A very fluffy hat is put on the mouth of the sowing machine.
Wool is cut from the sheep's body once a year.
The farmer took a loan from the moneylender to control weeds.
Paper can be used for personal work.
Grains are distributed to poor families through the Antyodaya Anna Yojana.
Arranging irrigation is an important and necessary task for farming.
They supported their families by raising sheep.
The landlord hired a farmer for bamboo farming.
Tamil Nadu is the leading state in egg production.
Flax cultivation doesn't really need fertilizer.
There are four types of wood in the world.
The farmer benefited a lot from sheep's wool.
The Minister of Agriculture worked on crop diversification in the state.
Can we use sprinklers to irrigate the paddy field?
Is there a tool for planting corn in rows?
Which is the cheapest machine for harvesting rice?
In which month is mung bean cultivated?
Sir, which variety of rice is suitable for fields with a lot of water?
Sir, what kind of plow should I use when sowing wheat? A cultivator, rotavator, or some other plow?
What should we do to increase the fertility of our soil?
How to medicate a mango plant that is drying up due to insects?
The rice plant is drying up, how to medicate it?
Which medicine should be applied to maize seeds?
In which season does mung bean grow?
How many kilograms of urea per acre should be applied in potato farming?
What measures should be taken for wheat crop growth, and how should fertilizer be applied in the field?
What nutrients should be mixed into the soil to increase rice production?
Which month and fertilizer might be more useful for a good wheat yield?
What kind of nutrient fertilizer should I use to make the soil more fertile?
How is the soil prepared in your place before planting wheat?
What kind of seed would be good for a good corn yield, hybrid or something else?
Which variety of mustard is good?
What kind of yield is there in late Kharif?
How to protect tomato plants from Kokri disease?
Which fertilizer should be used for higher turmeric production?
What is the market price of one quintal of sugar?
What is the solution to protect crops from sugarcane borers?
Fishing nets promote fish farming.
The grain wasn't good this year, we'll pay the loan next year.
Coral jasmine is very bright and fragrant.
Kashmiri wool's production place is Kashmir.
Planting plants at home purifies the home environment.
How to grow wheat plants and stalks faster?
Our paddy has insects and grasshoppers, what can be done to prevent it?
Our chili plants have insects and grasshoppers, which insecticide can be used on them?
How many fingers or inches of water should there be in a paddy field?
How can fertilizer be bought at government rates?
What benefits do we get from taking a Kisan Credit Card?
What kind of crops grow in temperate climates?
Which breed of goat is preferred for its meat?
How to store grains after harvesting?
Drip irrigation is preferred compared to normal irrigation.
How does soil texture affect plant growth?
How was the production in the last Kharif season?
How to find out about the weather situation?
Which medicine is given to prevent mango flowers from falling?
Where is a complaint regarding incorrect weighing registered?
Are the wheat and corn seeds that we plant found cheaper online?
How to produce mushrooms?
How to make a good living in a short time?
Does too much heat damage wheat?
Chemicals should be used in the right amount to kill weeds.
The Sunari sheep breed is found in all these districts: Bundi, Kota, Jhalabad, Udaipur.
Flower farming promotes business.
The ecological importance of weeds also includes making domestic food.
Seaweed is decomposed and used in fertilizer to increase soil fertility.
Tropical climate is considered very good for peanuts.
Different medicines and treatments can keep people disease-free.
The Haryan नस्ल (breed) cow is found in the Haryana area.
Farmers can take seeds as a loan from the seed bank.
Due to unseasonal rain, rice production decreased.
To raise chickens, you need to raise chicks.
Dry farming is done in areas where there is a lack of water.
To plant seeds in the ground, a seed planting machine was needed.
Surface irrigation has been used for many years.
White jute is cultivated in Bengal.
Cherries were used on the birthday cake.
What are the symptoms of aphids on mustard crops?
Which seed gives good production when planted?
Why is organic fertilizer necessary?
What kind of soil is good for vegetables?
There are too many ants on the banana plant, what is the reason for that?
What kind of cow gives a lot of milk?
When to harvest चिकना (oily) crops so that production is good?
Which month is best for mixed farming and how should it be done?
How much urea should be applied per acre in rice farming?
Which is the most improved नस्ल (breed) in eggplant?
Can we do drip irrigation for mustard oil?
What kind of irrigation systems are there in villages?
What method should we use to plant kidney beans at equal distances?
In which season are seeds sown for early wheat?
Which pump is good since paddy farming needs a lot of water?
Is it good to irrigate bananas by sprinkling?
How can wheat crops grow faster?
How many types of wood are there, including jamun, jackfruit, and kahul?
In dryland farming, you should plow immediately after harvesting.
Plumeria grows in tropical climates.
After growing grains, they must be winnowed.
Farming equipment makes farming much easier.
The use of agri-drones greatly helps in killing insects in the field.
All types of cotton have different uses.
Using a raised bed increases production too.
Chemicals are needed in mariculture.
This plant spreads a lot.
Bamboo is found in large quantities in northeastern India.
A woodworm called ghun spoils the wood.
In dryland farming, wheat straw is spread to maintain soil moisture after harvesting.
Don't keep them locked up 24/7 in an open space, make arrangements for them to roam around.
What vegetable is good to farm these days?
Don't we know about vegetable farming?
What medicine to use for spraying tomatoes?
To kill harmful insects, you can use some mild pesticide or vinegar.
One of the physical properties of water is that it can take the shape of its container in its liquid state.
Our city, Bhagalpur, is world famous for silk production.
It's not easy to buy agricultural land these days.
Since oleander flowers are very poisonous, people can get sick if they eat honey made by bees that have sat on the flowers.
Are land machines and airplanes used for pesticides?
How much moisture is good in the weather for a wheat crop?
Water is life, so which farming method is good to do after looking at that?
How to know the price of any crop immediately, what to do for that?
Genetic treatment makes fish healthier.
There's drought in many places because it hasn't rained.
Farmers use grass cutting machines.
After harvesting the crop, the field is left empty for a few days.
What's the offer for a potato seed planting machine?
Why do pests infest?
Which insect cuts the rice leaves?
Which crops grow well in the winter season?
What kind of insects attack the roots of eggplant?
This year, the floods caused a lot of damage to the farmers.
Details of growing various food items in a year are in the farming system.
The price of sea fish increased after the tsunami.
Wood is also used as a building material.
After harvesting the crops, animals and birds easily find food from the grain loss.
Aware farmers do not use fertilizer in their fields.
If water accumulates, the problem of groundwater does not arise.
France is the second largest hemp producer in the world.
Drip irrigation is the most water efficient.
The farmer provided materials to produce more fodder.
Timber is the wood that is used to build buildings.
Potash dissolves very easily in water.
The farmer arranged equipment to obtain wool.
The demand for peaches was very low in the market.
Not only in Mithila, but throughout India, farmers do not know how to do agricultural business.
Many different machines are used to process milk.
The benefits of subsurface irrigation were not very visible.
Forestry is an important industrial sector in India.
Barbari goats are found in Agra, Mathura and around that area.
Corriedale sheep are found in New Zealand and Australia.
The price of bananas increased because the demand increased.
Rodenticides kill rodents like rats, porcupines, otters and shrews.
Crocodiles' violent nature increases due to limited space.
This tool is used to gather grass.
Using a planter saves the farmer both time and money.
Can we buy seeds online?
Does buffalo milk have more fat or cow milk?
What's the plan regarding vegetable farming?
What kind of crops should I plant in sandy soil?
How much does it cost to cultivate one acre of tobacco?
How to know what offers are available when buying fertilizer or medicine?
How much potato grows in two bigha?
Are the holes in okra leaves caused by insects?
In free range, chicks are not kept confined for 24 hours, they are also allowed to roam.
Dairy products include things like yogurt, cheese, and butter.
Water caltrop is cultivated in stagnant water.
Crocodile farming is done for meat as well as skin.
Wool from animals helps develop cottage industries.
In India, the Horticulture Department has increased the production of fruits and vegetables.
What should the weather be like when planting rice, and how many millimeters of rain should there be for it?
What kind of crops are planted in very cold weather?
How to cultivate mushrooms?
What is the method for storing tomatoes?
In developed countries, pesticides are sprayed from airplanes.
The invention of agricultural tools has saved time.
Natural rubber is cultivated in 16 states of India, including Kerala and Tripura.
Drying corn to sell it immediately is a big problem; in rainy conditions, the corn gets moldy.
The quality of village milk is good, but the dairy only takes it for 26 rupees per liter.
Which medicine do they give at the railway station at night?
If there are termites in the soil, what medicine should be put in?
Spraying equipment is used to spray pesticides.
Rose lovers are considered flower people.
The quality of silk also depends on the tree where the cocoon remains.
Retail goods are also found in grocery stores.
India's crop production depends on the weather.
The residue left after extracting oil from mustard is made into bran and fertilizer.
Which seeds should be planted around the end of November and the first week of December for good production?
How to find out about floods in advance?
Need to keep track of how much fertilizer and nutrients to put, okay?
What should I do for faster growth and better flowers for marigolds?
Should I put poison in the soil or treat the seeds before planting?
Agricultural electricity has reached everywhere, but when will we get irrigation from a motor?
What is the New Delhi government scheme for wheat seeds, that could give some benefit?
How does cow dung increase the fertility of mustard and mung bean fields?
What kind of soil is best for pulse crop farming?
Do we get a grant amount when buying a pumping set?
Freshwater fish is everyone's first choice all over the world.
Asafoetida is also used in lentils, when tempering.
There are many types of soil.
You have to take a lot of precautions to raise gharials.
Nets are also used for fishing in the sea.
Red soil is used to grow beans, wheat, cotton, and coarse grains.
How to grow more than one crop in the same field?
Which vegetables can be grown well under organic farming?
How many types of maize seeds are there?
What is the total irrigated area in India?
Hybrid seeds have the ability to fight weather damage and disease.
Which fertilizer is better, NPK or DAP?
Can someone with one bigha of land or someone farming on sharecropping get benefits from any government schemes?
How does a cucumber plant give good and lots of fruit in its season?
What kind of business is less likely to lose money during the rainy season?
What method should be adopted in the vine of pointed gourd for high production?
What is the best variety of sweet potato?
Which pesticide to use to keep a mango plant healthy?
What kind of soil is best for vegetable farming?
I farm on someone else's land, will I get the benefit of the government scheme or will they?
What are the modern tools for planting paddy?
What is the machine for plowing sugarcane fields called?
Can fertilizer be bought online?
How should cauliflower be watered at the time of planting?
Where can we find the best tools for our farmer brothers?
How many hybrid seeds of wheat are available in the current time?
What does very fertile soil look like?
Which fertilizer should be applied to lentils for high yield?
My wheat leaves have mold and blisters, which insect is causing that?
Which mobile app can we use to buy farming equipment?
Where and how can we find a sunflower grove cutting tool?
What are the symptoms of stem borer insects in eggplant?
Which fertilizer should I use to make the crop roots stronger?
Hill farming is different than flatland farming.
Marigold is a flower that is used a lot in decoration.
The fisherman buys thread and takes the net.
It is very difficult to increase the main crop.
Earthworms, grasshoppers, etc. are put on the hook to catch small fish.
Naturally occurring pearl is a good example of calcium carbonate.
In cold places, all drones drop pods in the fall season.
Agricultural insurance also helps in natural disasters.
Custard apple is mostly found in some forests of Jharkhand and Bihar.
Ram brought dried plums along with dry fruits for his mother.
Farming is done differently in different geographical conditions.
The use of biofuels reduces carbon emissions.
How to get a vendor's dealership online?
Stem borers have infested the paddy crop, causing damage to the harvest, what should we do?
Bitter gourd tastes bitter, how to fix it?
What is good to eat on an empty stomach for sugar?
Where should we sell our crop for a good price?
It is not very easy to buy agricultural land now.
Agrophysics is the science of inventing goods for farming.
Jute ropes are used to pack a lot of stuff.
The government has banned the use of many pesticides.
Local seeds are used during traditional farming.
Agricultural engineering has invented agricultural equipment.
Bantu planted many rose plants in the barren land behind the house.
Jute and hemp are used for both people and animals.
Floriculture is a beautiful and attractive business.
Farming is easier with the use of fertilizer spreading machines.
The landowner benefits from contract farming.
There isn't a village in Mithila without bamboo.
Spinning mules are used to make thread.
Buffalo milk has various types of nutrients.
The farmer bought different parts of the plow from the market.
The farmer benefited from the production of fruits like watermelons.
Agricultural infrastructure can be improved through the Agricultural Infrastructure Fund.
The National Scheme on Welfare of Fishermen is made for protection from marine disasters like tsunamis.
For rubber trees, he brought high quality seeds from the market.
His crops increased because of the seed planting machine.
Different breeds of cows produce different levels of milk.
Using too many pesticides increases the chance of species extinction.
The house was destroyed by a fire started by ash.
Decorative items, mats, etc. are made from straw.
The wastage of water was a matter of concern for the government.
The veterinarian was very skilled in his work.
A big house is being built to raise sheep artificially.
A lot of silk production benefited the state economically.
Partridge was being used in the kitchen.
Bangladesh is a very big exporter of jute.
Timber is more expensive than other wood.
Carpets, curtains, ropes, etc. are made from jute.
Milk only goes to the milk plant after it's sold locally.
Man-made fertilizers badly affect the soil over time.
The agriculture minister was very happy with the National Food Security Mission.
The oldest evidence of pigeon pea use was found in Pakistan.
The minimum support price saves farmers from exploitation by moneylenders.
When many crops are grown in rotation in a field, it is called crop rotation.
In subsurface irrigation, water is given to the roots of the plant.
Using a milk pipeline saves both time and money.
Conveyor belts are made by mixing rubber and thread.
A special type of cutter is attached to the back of the tractor.
In agroforestry, farming is done in three layers.
Ropes are made from the bark of trees.
A lot of water can be saved by using drip irrigation.
He took training for weed management.
The Prime Minister informed the farmers about the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana (Prime Minister's Crop Insurance Scheme).
Weed control can improve crop growth.
Are there different insurances for different types of crops?
What are the benefits of adding zinc to the field?
Is it a loss or a profit to buy rice on an online platform?
How much does it cost to organically farm chili peppers in one kattha?
Which medicine should be sprayed to kill the insects in the corn cobs?
What is the way to sell Malda mangoes outside of Bihar?
What happens if you give too much water when cauliflower is flowering?
What are the unsafe pests for mustard crops?
Sunn hemp plants are submerged in water to extract the sunn fiber.
In fisheries management, fish farming is monitored.
Using a crop harvesting machine saves time.
Studying agricultural education involves the use of pesticides on crops.
Lily flowers are mostly found in stagnant water and ponds.
How to cultivate aloe vera in the plains?
Which medicine is used to prevent fungus from growing on crops?
What effect does too much fertilizer have on legumes?
To get the maximum yield of mustard, what kind and how much fertilizer or organic manure should be used?
What are the uses of goat milk?
How much DAP fertilizer is needed for fifteen dhur of chili peppers?
Which insecticide is good for the chili pepper fruit borer?
Explain how to grow crops in red soil?
Which soil is best for legume cultivation?
How to farm in flood-prone areas?
Which insect destroys mung bean crops?
Some plants, oxygen plants, and free plants are also available in government nurseries.
Human civilization migrates from places where there is a lack of water.
Soil, cement, and a small pot are used to plant domestic plants.
To raise shrimp, there must be enough water in the pond throughout the year.
What is the factor that inhibits crop growth?
Should chemical fertilizer or organic fertilizer be used in the field?
Should it be planted according to the season or not?
What is the way to buy irrigation equipment from home using a mobile phone?
Can berseem be given to cows?
In which month and season should mung bean seeds be sown?
How much does it cost to set up a plant for producing cow and buffalo semen, and what's the process?
A cultipacker is an agricultural tool that levels the ground.
Which is a good variety of wheat seed?
What kind of tractor should I search for online for planting rice?
Which app can be used to sell your grains online?
Places where insects can hide can be protected from insects.
Aquaculture protects biodiversity by preventing the hunting of natural fish stocks.
Natural materials help increase nutrients in the field.
Central breeding centers were established in Hisar to improve sheep breeds.
Barnyard millet rice is nutritious and has a very unique taste.
In which month is mustard planted?
How beneficial is it to feed millet to animals?
Which is the best herbicide?
What kind of crop should be planted in slippery or clay soil?
What are the crops that grow in the winter season?
Where to register a complaint regarding incorrect measurements?
In which month is lentil planted?
Which is the best animal feed?
What kind of fertilizer should be used if the paddy crop doesn't grow well?
How can farmers sell and buy their crops online?
Is there a thresher machine available for preparing mustard, linseed, and lentil crops?
Crocodile farming is mostly done in South American states.
Wheat seeds are especially planted in the months of October or November.
Nowadays, many kinds of products for animals are found in the market.
The main source of paper production is waste paper.
Dissolved fertilizer is first used as a sprinkling fertilizer.
People plant pansy flowers in homes and offices too.
Potatoes contain a high amount of carbohydrates.
An agricultural law committee has been formed to look into farmers' grievances regarding agricultural law.
The fragrance of the tuberose flower is used in soaps, oils, candles, etc.
Tell me how to make cabbage seeds.
Is there any hand-operated cultivator? If so, where and how can it be found?
Is vegetable farming better with drip irrigation?
Where to get crop insurance scheme from?
What kinds of water-related farming can be done in the Mithila region?
What should the weather be like for wheat cultivation, like what kind of humidity is needed?
Sir, what kind of fertilizer should be applied the most in rice fields?
One hectare is equal to ten thousand square meters.
Has there been an increase in the technology of pesticide spraying devices?
Now the government is arranging canals in villages for irrigation.
Wood is used for furniture in the interior of the building.
Bioshelter exchanges energy with the environment through air.
Saffron is a very valuable crop, which has many uses.
Each type of greenhouse has its own advantages and disadvantages.
Both farmers and traders benefit from agricultural economics.
You can choose a career option in the forest sector as a Forest and Conservation Technician.
Plowing with oxen tills the soil very deeply.
Plums are dried to make prunes.
The heat was so much that all the branches withered.
The cell walls of fungi and yeast are also made from chitin.
There are about twenty thousand species of seaweed.
The field is irrigated in two ways: by submerging or by light watering.
Nowadays cotton yarn is made by machine.
People eat mung beans by soaking them.
Saura, rohu and bhakur are found abundantly in India.
This time's drought broke the farmer's back.
How to protect crops from pests?
Does applying two sacks of I.P.L. D.A.P. in one acre of field improve the harvest?
Which is a good breed of buffalo?
Recha, kalaya used to be plentiful here thirty years ago, now it's almost gone, is there any solution for this?
If I buy online, do I get guarantee and warranty or not?
Should I keep all the sacks in the warehouse or invest quickly?
What kind of fertilizer should be used for wheat crops?
Do coconuts start falling on their own in winter?
Which is the best breed of buffalo?
Which fertilizer should I give fifteen days after planting cauliflower?
Coral jasmine is also called harsingar and parijat flower.
Bean cultivation happens in moist soil during the Rabi season.
Plums become very sweet after ripening.
To make paper, we have to rely on machines.
When flowers bloom on a plant, pollination happens through insects, grasshoppers, and wind.
Horticulture can increase production capacity in two ways.
What is the device to measure the moisture of the crop?
What things should be given special attention in poultry farming?
In which season is pigeon pea seed planted?
And how much does labor cost per bigha here?
Where can we find the best tools for our farmer brothers?
Please tell me, what is the correct way to store potatoes?
What is a good harvesting method for corn?
How much fertilizer should be applied per bigha?
Which hybrid sunflower seed is good?
How many days after harvesting paddy is it appropriate to plant wheat?
What is the name of the insect that makes holes in tomato fruits?
What has the most offers online?
Is hybrid seed production effective in current farming?
One kilogram has one thousand grams.
Is there any online market where farmers can directly sell their produce?
How do we recognize flowers on crops?
Indian agriculture mostly remains at a loss.
What is written about milk and dairy products in the subcontinent is found in the Rigveda.
Sponge gourd is cultivated twice a year, Bhadbari and Baisakha.
How does soil texture affect plant growth?
What kind of assistance is available from the government to store green vegetables?
Which medicine is given to prevent mango flowers from falling?
Can we buy seeds online?
In which month and season should maize seeds be planted to grow Bhadai maize?
Which is the best breed of cow?
Brother, can wheat be grown with organic fertilizer?
What is the price of jute per kilogram?
What are the ways to avoid damage from aphids when cultivating mustard?
How much discount is there on potato planting machines?
How to store my paddy crop to protect it from the cold?
What kind of soil is needed for jute farming, and which jute seed is good?
What kind of weather is suitable for maize crops?
In China, they used to write on wooden paper.
Pruning the branches of a tree keeps the plant healthy.
This machine is used to cut weeds that grow in barren land.
Tea and coffee are widely used in India.
The jamun fruit is very popular among children.
The water source solved the farmers' problem of water for irrigation.
There is a possibility of weeds growing in barren land.
Farmers had to spend money for tools like spades.
Using this fertilizer results in high production.
The invention of this machine has changed people's work.
Coconut shell jewelry is needed for various works or purposes.
A good road is needed to take the vehicle to the field.
The minister launched a weather-based crop insurance scheme.
Wood is used to make engineering equipment.
There was a lot of demand for goat production in the market.
The animal institution protested against the slaughter of sheep.
What's the best time to plant chili peppers?
How do farmers get the benefits of crop insurance?
Can you get a good coriander yield with little investment?
Which pesticide is better to use: organic, bio, or chemical?
What's the difference between buying directly from the market and buying online?
Which medicine is good for insects on the fox nut plant?
How can village farmers sell online?
What's the way to buy irrigation equipment from home using a mobile phone?
How is the soil prepared for sowing paddy seeds?
Can the same hybrid seed be planted in the field a second time?
How to protect fruits from insects for a long time?
How to advertise your crop online?
Do pumpkin leaves get eaten by insects?
But the World Health Organization says betel nut is harmful to health.
Agroforestry increases air and water quality.
Clothes made from organic cotton are generally of high quality.
M.S. Swaminathan is considered a world leader in the Green Revolution.
Taro plants need fertilizer with nitrogen.
Compost fertilizer is made from earthworms.
Coriander leaf chutney tastes very delicious.
A jarib is used to measure the length and width of land.
A crop that grows only once a year is called an annual crop.
Under the Pradhan Mantri Kusum Yojana, farmers are provided with good means of irrigation.
Volunteer paddy grows on its own in the rice field.
Farm trucks are designed specifically keeping in mind the needs of farmers.
Various types of equipment are required for water resource management.
The farmer traded tur by selling tur seeds.
Seed drills have reduced the problems of farmers.
Weeds spread through wind, animals, people, etc.
To prevent deforestation, it is necessary to end the exploitation of forests.
Open space is not used for processing hemp.
The applicant's signature was taken to apply for the Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana.
Does feeding fodder increase cow's milk?
There are a lot of ants on the banana plant, what is the reason for that?
I need to buy a pump set, which app is cheapest and best to buy from?
Is it a loss or a profit to buy rice on an online platform?
What is a rotavator?
What are the improved varieties of carrot seeds?
Which month is best to plant urid or urad crop?
Soil erosion is happening very quickly.
In agriculture production companies, we have names like HMT, Mahindra, Usha, Tata Motors and Sony.
You'll have success fishing in the stream.
What kind of benefits do you get in the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana?
How many days at most can we store potatoes?
Which method is good for farming, chemical or organic?
After sorting lentils, which crop is good for that field?
After planting wheat seeds, how do you get the crop to come quickly on the plant?
How much green manure is needed for one bigha of mung bean farming?
What's the way to sell Malda mangoes outside of Bihar?
Tell me the name of the pesticide used in tomato farming.
The demand for hand hoes is high in the agricultural state.
The Soil Health Card scheme gives farmers knowledge of their land's soil type.
Conveyor belts are made by combining rubber and thread.
Drip irrigation is used for vegetables and rice in hilly areas.
Straw is collected as roofing for the whole year.
He drank a lot of tea and couldn't sleep.
I don't know the reason for the uneven availability of water in nature.
Every country does agriculture according to its climate.
How does a cucumber give better and more fruit than its time?
Which crop is good to plant in sandy soil?
What's the difference between organic farming and chemical farming?
What kind of organic mixture should be used to remove eggplant rot?
How can farmers buy and sell their crops online?
What kind of crops can be planted in clay soil?
What are the tools for spraying pesticides?
Where is a complaint regarding incorrect measurement registered?
How much subsidy is available for stevia farming?
How do I find out the market price of my crop from my mobile?
In Hindi, irrigation is called 'Sinchai'.
For harvesting grains, manpower is required according to the field area.
Paper production happened in China two thousand years ago.
By giving suggestions to the farmer, how can he improve the soil of the agricultural land?
Rajendra Singh Paroda's name is recorded in the list of famous agricultural scientists.
The use of modern agricultural equipment has increased crop production.
How much does it cost to prepare a wheat crop in ten bighas?
The paddy crop is not growing, which fertilizer should I use?
What are the types of paddy that grow in less water?
What is the reason for not cultivating chickpeas in a watery place?
Tell me any two methods for maize cultivation.
What kind of motor is used in paddy cultivation?
What's the price in Mirchaiya today?
A two-wheel tractor or power tiller is a type of agricultural equipment.
For germination, grains should generally be soaked in water for ten to twelve hours.
Estuarine aquaculture is done on the sea coast.
Field beans, lima or butter beans are produced a lot in Maharashtra and Gujarat.
Livestock counting is happening in every village in India.
Patoni data tells us how much water is consumed.
The Mullins effect shows the property of rubber's tensile stress.
What affects the amount of water in irrigation?
Which hybrid varieties of corn are available in the market?
Which fertilizer is used to strengthen the roots of crops?
What equipment is there for earthing up corn plants? Where and how can I get it?
How to store grains so that they don't get damp?
What are the benefits of cross-pollination?
Is the climate of the Mithila region best for pearl farming?
How much does it cost for rhino farming?
What method and technology to use for radish irrigation?
How many days can potatoes be stored in a warehouse before the crop spoils?
How to find out about the weather?
How many times should the field be plowed before planting corn?
Paddy farming doesn't happen in fields where water doesn't stay.
Because of the mustard factory, the district developed.
Being aware of the tsunami, the government protected the coastal area.
With nutrient management, you can get more benefit from less work.
Considering the ecological importance, the Aneruwa tree should be protected from harm.
Green manure increases the fertility of the land.
The land is becoming acidic because of irrigation with salty water.
It takes 6 months from planting to harvesting the hemp crop.
Land is also used for water storage.
In Sanskrit, it is named Japa, Arun, Arkapriya, Trisandhya and Sani.
Agricultural education is given by agricultural scientists.
Grains grown in your own field are very beneficial.
The rake is used for gardening as well as agricultural work.
Oil is made from mustard seeds.
Alpaca sheep is an animal of color.
Ropes are also made from coconut coir.
Using pineapple is very beneficial to avoid cold and cough.
Light paper, heavy paper etc. come in the types of paper.
How can we see the market price on our mobile?
What is the name of the machine used for planting potatoes?
How to grow a lot of cauliflower with less expense?
How to meet the maintenance requirements when buying agriculture equipment online?
Which brand of zinc is good for maize crop and how much to give?
How much does one liter of local cow milk cost?
How to know where to get offers when buying fertilizer or medicine?
How to protect fruits from insects for a long time?
Which is the best variety of cucumber?
What is the use of a thresher and where is it found?
What kind of tool is best to use for weeding legumes and sugarcane?
Drip irrigation is preferred compared to normal irrigation.
Which breed of goat gives the most milk?
The land registrar records land details in the village every year.
The seed market was destroyed due to the tsunami.
The government financially supported farmers for weed control.
This time the floods caused a great loss to the farmers.
Sheep farmers have this advantage that they don't have to go to the market to sell sheep.
Bamboo work is also used to carry the dead to the cremation ground.
India Rasayan Sansthan is a very large producer of agricultural chemicals.
Cows of different breeds were displayed at the fair.
A water crisis is arising due to high demand and low supply.
Poachers smuggle mugger crocodiles for a lot of money.
Deforestation has also increased as urban areas have grown.
What kind of business has less loss during the rainy season?
When is the price of wheat the highest?
Is hybrid seed good for good wheat production?
How does less cold affect the wheat crop?
Organic fertilizer is prepared by mixing tree leaves and manure.
This machine lifts and places large, heavy objects from one place to another.
JCB runs on hydraulic power.
Farmers protect crops from insects by using fire.
Scientists produced new breeds by genetically modifying organisms.
Commercial crops etc. are provided in the National Food Security Mission.
Chav, Haroth, Kantaha and Lathbas are all types of bamboo.
Banana tree is not listed in the timber list.
Domestic goats are used in various ways.
There are many agricultural support institutions in India.
The spinning jenny was invented by James Hargreaves.
Some species of sugarcane are black in color.
Kashmiri wool is a special type of wool.
Commercial cultivation of rubber trees takes place in Sri Lanka.
Conifer wood is used a lot.
Hormone treatment of cattle is common in America.
The government sets the market price of goods.
A separate salon is made for shearing sheep wool.
The farmer watered his land before planting crops.
A factory was established to make tools.
The trader bought watermelons from the farmer at a fair price.
When harvesting crops, people are needed according to the area of the field.
Vegetables like pumpkin, bottle gourd, bitter gourd, beans are grown on the roof in the city.
The farmer processes hemp with his own hands.
Rainwater is used for various purposes.
Doctors suggest eating cucumbers.
Crops like paddy and corn are harvested.
Farmers keep weeding from time to time to prevent the spread of weeds.
Are doors, frames, window panels, beams, cupboards, boxes, chests wood products?
Jute was produced for the industrial sector.
With the money from the traditional agricultural development plan, they were able to do organic farming.
Various dishes can be made from yam.
A plow or similar equipment is needed for strip-till farming.
Farmers can borrow seeds from the seed bank.
The agriculture equipment company makes modern equipment every year.
Food supply for people can be provided through agricultural extension.
Due to the blight disease, the plant's leaves and flowers start to wilt.
For coffee farming, many types of climate points should be considered.
In some areas of South India, the humidity level is very high.
The female sheep provides nutrients to her baby.
Nitrogen is naturally found in the nodules on the roots of horse gram and drumstick.
Agricultural marketing is a system through which goods are delivered to various markets.
Its grain is small and round, like rice.
It is applied to the skin for arthritis or nerve pain.
Finger millet is a grain that grows even in low rainfall and requires less effort to cultivate.
Then the plant is used as fodder and the corn is separated.
Flower farming greatly increases production capacity.
Agroforestry is an important means of crop production.
Flower disease affects various types of flowers.
The mechanical tree transplanter is a common tractor implement.
What is the process for buying equipment online?
How much does it cost to set up a livestock semen production plant and what is the process?
How to buy agriculture-related goods on online platforms?
How does low moisture affect the wheat crop?
Does Jasmine rice give good yield?
Under the Rabi crop insurance scheme, what are the farmer's qualifications?
Are the main chili seeds Tejashwini, Punjab Lal, Kashi Tej one forty-eight, etc.?
Is there a machine for planting potatoes?
What is the method of preparing water caltrop?
What are the benefits of planting legumes after harvesting wheat?
Which month and fertilizer might be more useful for good wheat production?
After which crop should lentil cultivation be done?
In which month is mustard seed usually planted?
What are the symptoms of fungal disease in pointed gourd cultivation?
How much fertilizer should be given to one bigha of banana plants?
What is the total irrigated area in India?
In goat rearing, the biggest problem here is the lack of fodder during the hundred days of flooding, is there any aquatic fodder?
The demand for radishes etc. has increased in the winter season.
The wood of two-leaved trees is found in various provinces of the world.
His daughter likes Safri jackfruit very much.
In the absence of water, farmers can take the help of micro-irrigation.
The government issues licenses to agricultural traders for a certain period.
Copper mesh is now very necessary for construction.
This machine is used to cut weeds that grow in barren land.
We managed fertilizer all year and produced different crops.
Tea gardens in India are spread over a very large area.
Special attention is paid to cleanliness in the sheep slaughterhouse.
The Pradhan Mantri Kisan Samman Nidhi Yojana has made small farmers financially capable.
Fiber can be obtained from the outer cell surface of a tree.
Farmers should manage nutrients according to the season and land.
Pearl farming is a very good aquaculture medium in India.
Pruning keeps the plant healthy.
The market system in India is created by the government.
Pigeon pea seeds are considered a very important part commercially.
Collagen strengthens cells in animals.
Ammonium nitrate is named as a single nutrient.
Climate change causes nutrient deficiencies in animals.
The government spends the revenue from retail materials on national development work.
Weed control is a challenge for farmers.
The impact of the environment is definitely felt in sheep farming.
Chitin is found in some organisms.
Pine wood is used in house construction.
Fields are mainly of two types, fertile and barren.
Adult chickens start laying eggs after they start eating.
Some breeds of cows have really good milk.
The farmer paid special attention to cleaning the sheep.
After harvesting the crop, loss of grain is certain.
In astrology, pearl is considered a factor of peace for the moon.
Animals stay healthy because of veterinary medicine.
The substance released by creatures like spiders, silkworms, etc. is called chitin.
No special training is needed to raise domestic goats.
People are completely dependent on trees and plants for firewood.
The history of milk production is very old.
Catgut is made from animal intestines.
There are two types of water found on Earth.
It was hard to live in the jungle because of the humidity.
Are pesticides very deadly chemicals?
Do you need a motor for drip irrigation?
Tell me how to make cabbage seeds.
How much water is given to paddy and what is the method of measuring it?
What is the process to apply for crop insurance?
What kind of agricultural tool should I buy for crop irrigation?
Which paddy grows in less water?
What is the solution to protect sesame crops from integrated pests?
How to plan and farm to get good yield now?
What is the new irrigation technology?
What irrigation method and technology to use for radish?
Which crop gets the most subsidies?
A special type of cutter is attached to the back of the tractor.
The cow was having trouble walking due to a disease.
India is a big producer of spices etc. and also exports them.
Bisahariya is a bacterial disease found in goats.
Using biogas can conserve ancient biofuels.
Domestic goats are used in various ways.
Technology has been developed to improve soil nutrients.
The farmer chose amaranth seeds for his land.
In paddy farming, water is not allowed to accumulate too much, it is irrigated when needed.
Pine, fir, cedar, spruce and larch are examples of softwood.
When a person leaves home and goes to another place to earn, they are called a migrant worker.
Farming done by a family is called family farming.
The baler cuts the paddy and makes it heavy.
Nowadays, cows are being artificially inseminated with injections.
Various types of crops have started to be cultivated in India.
Is there any online market where farmers can directly sell their produce?
Do we need to know when and how much the flood will come?
Which crop grows well in sandy soil?
Is there any plan for pump sets?
Jute farming requires a lot of hard work and time.
Different dishes of forest fish are prepared in various restaurants.
The seller sold custard apples at a very expensive price.
The quality of potatoes produced by the farmer was checked.
Rubber is also used for cosmetics.
The agricultural sector is greatly affected by drought.
Hens start laying eggs only after they are fully grown.
Buy him palm fruit.
Nutrients are replenished in the field through fertilizers.
Fields are irrigated with less water in the sprinkler irrigation system.
Eating peaches keeps the human body healthy.
Due to the environmental impact of irrigation, changes are seen in the groundwater level.
He took training for weed management.
Mungri is used by hand, not by machine.
The breeding process of sheep usually takes place in the spring season.
The person driving the JCB must have a lot of patience.
Congenital barren trees serve as food for livestock.
Fish farming is done in ponds.
To protect the crops from rats, the farmer used rodenticide.
A special process must be done to obtain water-soluble phosphate salts.
What is the tool used during rice harvesting?
What should be done to prevent excessive flowering and flower drop in vegetable plants?
How much does it cost to prepare mustard planted in two acres of land?
How beneficial is it to feed millet to animals?
What kind of machine is used to spray pesticides?
How many times should a wheat field be irrigated?
What measures should be taken for wheat crop growth, and how to fertilize the field?
Should chemical fertilizer or organic fertilizer be used in the field?
What is the use of a rotavator?
Some crops have special greenhouse varieties, like tomatoes.
Hand-picking fish can be successful.
The problem of waterlogging exists in every village, neighborhood, and even large cities and metropolises.
Agrophysics science provides agriculture-related goods.
Any chemical used in agriculture is called an agrochemical.
A characteristic of jute is that it is strong and durable, as well as beautiful to look at.
How to irrigate in a place where there is no electricity?
How much does it cost per acre for coriander yield?
Which soil absorbs more water?
What kind of fertilizer and seeds should I use for cauliflower farming?
Do we get government subsidies when buying a power tiller?
Which breed of goat gives more meat?
How to maintain nutrients in the soil for a longer time?
How much fertilizer should be applied to two bigha of wheat field?
How to find out about weather conditions?
What is the current market price of stevia?
Are the main potato seeds Lalgulab, C-40, MS-42, Jyoti, etc.?
What kind of nutrients should be mixed in the soil to increase rice production?
What are the methods of irrigation for rice cultivation?
How to increase banana cultivation in winter?
What should be the moisture content in paddy before putting it in sacks after threshing?
What kind of aromatic rice seed is good?
How can we sell our products online?
What kind of crop is suitable for a field with heavy soil?
Is the cost of cultivation lower or higher in organic fertilizer?
What is the market price of a wheat harvesting machine?
Is there any problem if the field dries out too much?
What to do to avoid blight and grain disease in wheat crop?
How many trolleys of compost should be added before planting peas in one acre of land?
How many kilograms of seeds are needed per kattha, and which fertilizers and how much are needed?
How to cultivate pumpkin organically?
In the winemaking process, alcohol is fermented, and the prepared liquid is bottled.
Which tool is used during paddy harvesting?
How to harvest paddy in a waterlogged field?
Which soil absorbs the most water?
How to protect cabbage plants from pests that damage them?
How much fertilizer is needed for good pulse production?
Which motor should be used in vegetable farming?
What are the factors that inhibit crop growth?
What is a cold chain transport service?
Which is the best variety of radish?
When should the crop be harvested for good yield?
Fig is an edible fruit that grows on flowering plants.
What is highly fertile soil like?
How much urea fertilizer is needed for one bigha of wheat cultivation so that the production is good?
Which type of cultivation method is most useful in pea farming?
What is the best way to store wheat?
What is the planting season for pigeon pea?
How much zinc and NPK per acre is needed for garlic farming?
Can I buy farming equipment from a mobile app?
What kind of soil work do farmers do to get a high yield crop?
How much moisture is needed when corn is ripening?
Using a planter saves farmers both time and money.
The development of many marine plants comes from fisheries.
The doctor suggested increasing the amount of nutrients for the farmer's cow.
In agrivoltaics, solar panels are installed in the field for lighting.
His mother really likes pears.
Since childhood, he has been very interested in gardening.
The process of planting drumstick seeds and the process of planting paddy seeds are different.
For many years, jute was associated with the civilization of East Bengal.
Before harvesting Jajati, it is necessary to see how long it takes to ripen.
India is the largest producer of bananas compared to any other country.
Are there any special benefits for farmers who are trying to get loans?
Milkmen clean the cow's udder before milking.
Under this scheme, the farmer receives six thousand rupees per year.
This is the natural habitat of bees, which live in tree hollows or caves etc.
Beetroot is eaten raw, boiled, and cooked.
Jowar is also useful for diabetics as it keeps blood sugar levels under control.
Chemicals are used to protect flowers from diseases.
Wine is made from grapes.
Did the farmer take various measures to protect from insect infestations?
Fertilizer can be made from the decomposition of organic matter.
For some years, a lot of pumpkins have been produced in his yard.
In subsurface irrigation, water is given to the roots of the plant.
Livestock counting should definitely be done in India after the floods.
Various products of goat are utilized.
Rainwater is used in various types of work.
The lotus plant in the water fascinated all the people.
Excessive agricultural work causes land degradation.
No special type of machine is used to extract milk.
New rice dishes are made on Makar Sankranti.
There are four types of coffee in the world.
Weed spread through the Banjara people.
Human civilization first developed on the banks of permanent rivers.
Oilseed crops are mustard oil, peanuts, sunflower, etc.
The price of arable land in India is not very high.
Beeswax is used to make candles and in medicinal and cosmetic products.
A mollusk is a type of soft-bodied invertebrate animal.
Which mobile app is there for selling crops?
For mustard and rapeseed, what's good for oilseed?
Which organic mixture should be used to prevent eggplant rot?
What kind of soil is fertile for sugarcane farming?
Tell me the name of a pesticide used in tomato farming.
Which pulse crop's seeds can be cultivated at least twice a year?
Which tool to use for weeding in organic farming?
Due to compound interest, the principal of his loan increased.
Agricultural extension depends on the needs of the farmer.
Due to the rain, the humidity level increased in the city.
The agricultural sector has a very deep impact on the Indian economy.
The spinning jenny was invented by James Hargreaves.
The farmer chose amaranth seeds for his land.
The National Agriculture Development Scheme was started for the development of the agricultural sector.
Marine agriculture can be done in various ways.
Different breeds of cows were exhibited at the fair.
A lot of paddy is stored in government warehouses every year.
Deforestation can be reduced by afforestation.
Should the government open corn companies in each region according to capacity?
Need a cheap way to protect corn from fall armyworm?
When is the best time to plant wheat?
What equipment do we use and how do we make raised beds for planting onion seedlings?
What is the yield per acre for drumstick/moringa?
A subsoiler is an agricultural tool attached to a tractor, used for deep tilling.
Millet is considered a coarse grain and is a Kharif crop.
Generally, the cultivation of corn, soybean, and wheat is an example of single crop farming.
Cotton is an important cash crop.
The fruit of this tree can be eaten fresh.
It is used in poultry farming to gather chickens.
Humans have received many useful items as gifts from nature.
Commercial production of plums occurs in very cold regions.
Coconut oil is used for cooking and frying because it is a good conductor of heat.
A lift net is lowered into the water and then raised again.
Millet is used to make bread, porridge, and beer.
It has A, B, and C grades, with C grade being of lower quality.
The importance of pollination management has increased due to the decline in pollinator populations.
Grape bunches are cut once or more to make wine.
Water pipes are laid in the field for land irrigation.
Horticulture involves the cultivation of fruits, flowers, greens, vegetables, and medicinal materials.
But on average, there is only one market per four hundred and sixty-three kilometers in the country, which is very low.
Wheat is a major cereal crop of India.
Geoduck is a type of marine clam.
How to order small farming tools online?
What kind of soil is good for sugarcane farming?
Which variety of corn yields the most?
What is one kattha of land?
What kind of fertilizer to use to make the crop roots strong?
What to do to make the soil soft?
How much zinc and NPK per acre is required for garlic farming?
How to farm in a place where there are floods?
What is the way to sell marigold flowers online?
Can we buy seeds online?
What is the best way to sell perishable produce in the market?
Organically farmed crops have a higher market price.
Buckwheat flour is used for fasting etc.
Mechanical tree shaker comes with and without collector.
One acre of land is forty-three thousand five hundred sixty square feet.
What is the price per kilo of sun hemp?
Where can I find makhana seeds?
How much does it cost per acre for coriander farming?
Which month is for planting rice?
Which fertilizer should be used fifteen days after planting cauliflower?
How many days does it take for litchi seeds to germinate?
Which tool is used to dig up potatoes?
How can all crops be stored in a cold store?
How to grow crops in a field with sandy soil?
What is the contribution of animal husbandry in organic farming?
What is seed certification?
What is the market price of a wheat harvesting machine?
Give me some good quality bitter gourd seeds.
Is there any machine for sowing wheat?
ICAR works for agricultural research.
Different types of soil are found in different regions of India.
How long can we store our mung bean production in the warehouse to prevent spoilage?
What is loamy soil like, and how to prepare the field?
Which company's DAP fertilizer available in the market is good for wheat crop?
Some land is sandy, what kind of crop is suitable for it?
What causes the leaves to curl in cauliflower cultivation?
What kind of equipment is used to remove weeds after the plant is born?
What is the most advanced seed of papaya, and how many days does it take to mature?
How to protect pumpkin and squash plants from weeds?
Which crops grow well in loamy soil?
Which crop is suitable for regur soil?
Sir, what is the maximum amount of fertilizer to apply in a paddy field?
Which fertilizer is better, DAP or NPK?
How to protect onions from thrips and root maggots?
Which company gives the most discount online?
How much does a motor cost for drip irrigation?
How much moisture is needed when corn is ripening?
What are the tools for spraying pesticides?
Can sprinkler irrigation be used in paddy fields?
How to cultivate beans well?
What methods should be adopted for cultivating mustard for good production?
What fertilizer should be added to pointed gourd vines for higher yield?
In which month can good paddy production occur?
Until when should it be planted to get a good yield?
When should mustard be watered for the second time?
The field dried up due to sand and the fertilizer ran out at the time of application, will the fertilizer work now?
How to treat the land for a good harvest?
There is a lot of black marketing and counterfeiting in fertilizers, what is the solution for this?
If you spray medicine for disease on the crop, won't insects attack the plant?
How many kilograms of aluminum should be added to five bigha of bitter gourd?
We have to face many problems when crops are damaged.
To extract wax from a honeycomb, you must have a knife.
Crop rotation increases soil fertility and maintains soil health.
In Asian countries, its meat is an expensive dish.
79 percent of fresh water is in glaciers, 30 percent in groundwater, and 1 percent in rivers and lakes.
Pigeon peas are also used to make sambar, puran poli, etc.
What are the symptoms of insects on bean plants?
How much urea fertilizer should be applied to one bigha of wheat cultivation for good production?
When should pumpkin crops be pruned for good production?
The water level is decreasing, what is the best irrigation method for this?
What kind of organic mixture should be used to remove bitterness from eggplant?
Should urea fertilizer be applied to pointed gourd field or not?
What elements are found in sandy soil?
Which is the best variety of sunflower for Darbhanga?
What medicine and in what quantity should be given for eggplant fruit and shoot borer?
How much and what kind of fertilizer should be applied to two bigha of wheat field?
Which medicine should be used to protect potatoes from late blight?
What should be done to maintain the water holding capacity of the soil?
What nutrients should be mixed in the soil to increase rice production?
In which month should rainy season or kharif corn be planted?
What should be considered when trading grains?
What is considered good for lentil and pulse production in the summer season?
For how many days should wheat be dried in the sun after harvesting?
How does climate affect any crop?
What should be the way to sell crops for profit?
In which month can good rice cultivation be done?
How should coriander be stored to protect it from fungus?
How much seed should be sown to yield twenty quintals in one bigha of wheat cultivation?
What is the insect that ruins mung bean cultivation?
Sir, what kind of fertilizer should be applied the most in rice fields?
How much urea should be applied per acre in rice cultivation?
Where to advertise to sell your crop in the market?
What kind of organic mixture should be used to remove eggplant blight?
What kind of arrangements should the government make for farmers for irrigation?
What are the symptoms of viral diseases in chilies?
Should sweet lime be pruned?
How do I know if the produced vegetables are pure?
During the time of independence, the spinning wheel was the basis of self-reliance.
The factory needed workers for cocoa processing.
This machine cuts grass that's all the same color.
Too much irrigation really affects the land and environment.
The doctor advised her to eat haluwa.
How much urea should be put in one bigha of wheat?
After cutting paddy, how cool should it be before packing in sacks?
What are the benefits of using an electronic scale?
When does oilseed crop fall over even with good production?
How much DAP should be used per acre in a potato crop?
What kind of soil is suitable for potato farming and how is the soil prepared?
What kind of thresher or machine is used for mustard threshing?
What medicine and how much should be used for eggplant fruit and shoot borer?
What insect causes the bitter gourd vine to turn yellow?
Is the climate of the Mithila region best for pearl farming?
What kind of facilities is the government providing to prevent climate crisis?
What are the crops that grow in the winter season?
What can be done after planting potatoes to produce potatoes in large quantities?
Which equipment is good for plowing the field?
What kind of motor is used in paddy farming?
How to cultivate aloe vera in the Terai region?
Can we use the same hybrid seed for planting in the field a second time?
Which variety of lentil seeds gives the highest yield?
How to protect fruits from insects for a longer time?
Which is the best variety of cucumber?
How many ways can farmers get assistance?
Which variety of corn is most fertile?
Can urea and potash be run together in a drip system?
What are the integrated pest management measures for mustard crops?
In which month is Kataki radish usually planted?
If the land is not your own, how much does it cost in total for buffalo farming?
What method is used for wheat cultivation?
How much seed should be sown to produce twenty quintals in one bigha of wheat cultivation?
What are the symptoms of termite infestation in paddy crops?
Which is the improved variety of Katarni rice?
How much does it cost to transport one quintal of cauliflower for two kilometers?
What is the procedure to get seeds provided by the government?
Which is the best seed for chilies?
Which method is better for farming, chemical or organic?
To protect cannabis cultivation from the rainy season, in which month should the seeds be sown?
Along with indigenous cow rearing, what other business or animal husbandry can be done?
What kind of price fluctuations happen with vegetables in a week?
What kind of seeds should we use for a good rice harvest?
Is there different insurance for different types of crops?
What kind of fertilizer and how much should be used for a good yield of horse gram?
What is the season to plant pigeon peas?
Which month should wheat seeds be planted?
Tell me how to make wheat grains strong and corn cobs big?
Is a combine harvester good for cutting corn, it doesn't waste the crop when harvesting.
Where can I process lentil crops at home and sell them online for a good price?
Do pumpkin leaves get eaten by bugs?
Which medicine is used to protect cucumber vines from powdery mildew?
Which fertilizer makes lentils produce more?
Which irrigation method is good for sugarcane production?
Artificial insemination is done under the supervision of a veterinarian.
The use of green manure reduces the harm of chemical fertilizers.
Bag lifting machines haven't been seen in Mithila yet.
The Ministry of Energy investigated the side effects of biofuels.
Chitosan is a compound form of chitin.
Milk pipelines should be checked from time to time.
There was a lot of demand for goat products in the market.
The farmer bought modern agricultural equipment by taking a loan from the bank.
In villages, many decorative items were made from bamboo.
Information about harmful weeds is also coming forward from traditional farming methods.
The farmer applied for an official's permit for business growth.
Salty water is found a lot on Earth.
Strong thread was made through the water wheel.
Fasi's Taadi is prepared.
These cows are taken care of specially.
Micronutrients are used in small amounts.
The native cow breed found in Mithila is called Bhutia.
Modern equipment is used in India for coffee.
Can the effect of weather also be seen in beekeeping?
The cultivator is an important contribution to farming in the modern machinery age.
Tea leaf production is done in the hilly regions of India.
Capacity is measured in horsepower.
Some early symptoms of disease can be seen in animals.
The farmer does animal husbandry of good breed goats.
Which crops grow well in sandy soil?
How much benefit is received in the Prime Minister's Agricultural Irrigation Scheme?
Which hybrid breed of corn is available in the market?
Which is the best sunflower variety for Darbhanga?
Which farming method is better, chemical or organic?
How do I find out the selling price of wheat?
Sir, which paddy variety is suitable for fields with a lot of water?
What insect damages cauliflower plants?
What needs to be done to make wheat marketable?
Which is a good machine for threshing paddy?
How can I get local chicken eggs?
How to determine the market for a fair price after water chestnut production?
Which soil is suitable for radishes?
In which month are lentil seeds usually planted?
What kind of damage does the hairy caterpillar do to lentil farming?
Lemon use increases in summer.
Kashmiri wool has been used in the textile industry for many years.
The main sources of white paper are eucalyptus, poplar, etc. trees.
Along with agricultural work, the weather is important for mangoes.
Traditional fishing boats are used in seas and lakes.
The importance of agricultural land has increased in recent days after the decline in the real estate business.
Chickpea lentils produced in Bengal are considered to be of the best quality.
Rope is also made from coconut coir.
Eating sorrel leaves reduces cold, cough, and mental stress to a great extent.
How much NPK should be mixed when planting wheat to protect it from pests?
How to maintain soil nutrients for a long time?
How to store coriander to protect it from fungus?
Is there a subsidy for buying a pumping set?
How much fertilizer should be applied for good stevia cultivation in the plains of Mithila?
Are there any special schemes for farmers to buy tractors?
How can we buy seeds online?
The land is dug and something is planted inside.
Weeds that grow along with crops in the field can be controlled in many ways.
Tell me, how many types of coffee are produced in India?
Gena flowers are needed to decorate weddings.
Who ploughs the fields these days, everyone has a tractor at home.
Grapes are a very juicy fruit.
A chicken coop is made at the rate of three or five feet for one chicken.
What things should be considered when the crop is ripening?
How does paddy get affected in a field with low cold?
How do we send our grain to the market?
How to know the daily market price on mobile?
How to make pumpkin bigger faster?
What's the best time to plant medicinal mint?
What diseases affect rice crops?
How do I find out the wholesale price of my crops?
How many days apart should cotton crops be irrigated?
Besides natural breeding, artificial insemination is also available for sheep now.
Famine can occur due to a shortage of vegetables.
The farmer protected his crops by spraying pesticides.
A dairy cow's mental health is important for milk production.
He was able to choose the best equipment with the advisor's suggestion.
Chemical fertilizer was used on the plants for nutrient growth.
I need to get a machine for farming.
I need information about a spray to fatten the pods in mung bean flowers.
Why are the okra leaves drying up?
How do we know if rice has cold damage?
The government provides subsidies for poultry farming.
The Food and Agriculture Organization was needed for the development of the agricultural sector.
Research work on agricultural equipment is constantly ongoing.
The government banned grape wine.
This machine is found in the places of big farmers.
The Minister of Agriculture praised the National Agricultural Market.
Organic farming crops have higher prices in the market.
Grapes are commercially cultivated in various states of India.
Honey is extracted from beehives in liquid form.
Combine harvesters are the most common harvester machines.
Many people in South India have coffee plantations.
The opposition protested against the increase in the price of liquid natural fuel.
Fertilizer made from manure acts like nectar for the field.
In India, fish is a big business in the coastal region.
Buy some quails from the market.
Excessive consumption of coffee can increase heart rate.
A breed of goat called Beetal is raised in Punjab.
Doctors suggest using santol.
How and how often should pesticides be used?
What is the new price of wheat?
Where do farmers sell their grain in places that have mandis?
What is the best time to cultivate mustard?
Which hybrid rice yields the most?
If the plant's leaves look like a net, which pesticide should be used?
Mulberry fruit is very popular among children.
Due to lack of rain, many areas experienced drought.
After the Green Revolution, the use of agricultural chemicals has increased.
In India, agricultural machine manufacturers have taken the needs of farmers into account.
Coconut fiber is useful for making rope.
Nowadays, breeding in animals is mostly done artificially.
From Khadi agriculture, people can produce vegetables according to their needs.
Fertilizer with multiple nutrients is better than single super phosphate.
He took a loan from the moneylender to start fish farming in the pond.
Mealworm farming is done in China for food.
Various types of bamboo are produced a lot in China.
Insect farming is done in Thailand.
Which crop gets the most subsidies, sugarcane?
What are the ways to protect flower cultivation from insects?
Where to get information about agri-business?
Is there any hand-operated tiller, and if so, where and how can it be found?
What are the benefits of cross-pollination?
Which is the best variety of sunflower for Darbhanga?
Where to get crop insurance scheme?
The weight of a newborn lamb is about eight to ten pounds.
Jute is mostly produced in Assam, Bihar and Bengal.
Some sheep breeds give birth to two lambs at a time.
You should only use pesticides when it's really necessary.
It's easier to use a harvester machine in a consolidated field.
The best sheep are chosen for wool production.
The villagers were given knowledge of crisis management.
The weather department gave the government news of emergency weather changes.
Are small farmers eligible for loans to buy agricultural land?
How do we identify the flowers on the crops?
What kind of soil can hold the most moisture?
Which is a good tractor to use for harvesting corn?
What is the name of the best Basmati rice seed?
Where the tractor couldn't go, now the mini tractor goes.
The agricultural sector is an important part of India's economy.
Natural rubber is a type of organic compound.
Seeds are sufficiently available in the Indian seed market.
Sheep are sheared when summertime comes.
Angora wool clothing is very expensive because it is lightweight.
The plow is the farmer's main weapon.
Urban forests try to clean the city's air.
According to ethnic farming methods, its cost price is different.
Unnecessary trees should not be damaged for the pulp and paper industry.
Jute is used to make carpets, curtains, ropes, etc.
He worked hard with his family on the family farm.
The cow was having difficulty walking due to illness.
The aim of the midday meal scheme is to provide nutritious food to students.
How much moisture is good in the weather for a wheat crop?
What qualifications are specified to get a government scheme?
How to make a rose flower grow big quickly?
How is a field with slippery soil considered?
What are the ways to protect wheat from weevils?
The field is empty after the crop is harvested.
Diseases are emerging in aquatic organisms from marine agriculture.
Paper is used for publishing research articles.
After pollination, fertilization takes place, which furthers reproduction.
The farmer's crop failed due to lack of rain.
Nowadays, machines are used for threshing.
Coffee was produced and sent for processing.
What kind of loan might be available for small farmers?
Which crop is good to sell in this market?
What was the best time to sell jute?
What time is good to get rice seeds?
Which improved variety of wheat seed is available in the market?
What does a thresher do and where can I find it?
What are the benefits of planting legumes after harvesting wheat?
What should be the oxygen level in grain storage?
What are the advantages of using an electronic scale?
What is the difference between organic and chemical farming?
My paddy crop is good, but what is the probability of flooding?
How can self-pollination be prevented?
Which irrigation is cheapest and easiest for planting cauliflower?
Forestry improves the economy.
The government also provides financial assistance to farmers to buy machines at very low interest rates.
Once a fruit orchard is planted, it must be properly cared for.
The type of timber depends on its quality.
If my sister has no collateral, how could she get an agricultural loan?
India is the third largest fish producing country in the world.
India was in first place in organic farming.
Which irrigation method is good for paddy?
Tell me how to prevent pests from attacking eggplant?
What is the difference between fertilizer and nutrients?
When planting chili peppers, how much of which fertilizer should be used in half a kattha?
Do farmers get help from the bank for farming?
I don't know how much fertilizer is needed to cultivate one acre of corn.
How is grain sold in PACS with the government's help?
A combine tractor is good for cutting corn; it doesn't waste the crop when harvesting.
Should we bring the thresher after the seedlings are ready?
The government can estimate revenue from land records.
You can register for the animal insurance scheme through the internet.
For livestock-based farming, you have to depend on animals and creatures.
Many microorganisms are needed for the development of marine sewage.
Excessive exploitation of water causes the groundwater level to decrease.
Single super phosphate is a type of chemical fertilizer.
People are the biggest culprits for the water crisis.
There are seventeen hundred and twenty-one factories of tur in India.
Rodenticide is poison for rodents.
It does not cause distortion in the breed of the animal.
He produces many ser of paddy in one dhur of land.
Since pearls are used as jewelry, its market is very big.
Dicotyledonous tree wood is used in charcoal production.
The Prime Minister's Farmer Scheme was accused of corruption.
Seed drill machines are of two types, manual and automatic.
Water is essential for all of our lives.
Genetically modified organisms have many physical properties.
Forestry is an important industrial sector in India.
Which is the best machine for harvesting wheat?
How many types of irrigation equipment are there in total?
Which fertilizer is the best?
Rainwater should be collected and stored; it's useful for crop irrigation.
Which breed of goat is profitable to raise for meat?
In micro-irrigation, a specific pattern of pipes is created.
In Mithila, a carpenter is called a Kamar.
The National Agriculture Market is an integrated system of the Mandi system.
With the use of this machine, a lot of work is done in less time.
In Mithila, it is difficult to use a harvester machine in small, fragmented fields.
Animal husbandry is widely practiced in rural areas.
Bullfighting is played in Spain.
The market value of organically farmed crops is higher.
Mohan even has a sheep wool shearing machine.
Many types of fish breeds are found in India.
In poultry farms, many chickens and chicks live together.
Is LPG gas and food made from gaseous biofuel?
Which type of mustard grows fastest?
What kind of insects cause the most damage in rice farming?
For good rice production, which irrigation method is best?
India has a suitable climate for agricultural work.
The farmer made nets from various things for the fish.
Farmers produce all kinds of food materials.
The excessive use of pesticides has affected the fertility of the land.
A plan is very necessary for agricultural development.
The court demanded land records from the authority.
Fish food can be easily made.
Was a pest specialist called to identify the insect?
He received some financial assistance through the Pashu Kisan Credit Card scheme.
Weeds grow on their own in the rice field when the time comes.
Bamboo is widely cultivated in various countries of Asia.
The germination process makes it clear that the seed has vitality.
Poachers smuggle gharial crocodiles to get a high price.
How can we buy seeds online?
Producing hybrid seeds is effective in today's farming.
How do we identify flowers on crops?
Drip irrigation is preferred over normal irrigation.
Can we save the crops at the right time by identifying the pests?
The land was affected by cutting too many crops.
Agricultural pests did not allow much crop loss.
The farmer worked hard to protect from wild weeds.
Paper can be used for personal work.
Salt is used to make pickles.
Urea is named as a source of nitrogen.
Crop growth can occur from land use based on the environment.
The farmer arranged nutrients for his cow.
The Minister of State for Agriculture petitioned the Lok Sabha to enact laws to improve the economy.
Grazing sheep can destroy the world's life system.
Serampore, Bengal is the oldest paper factory in India.
Excessive use of drinking water has created a water crisis in many countries.
The presence of both male and female flowers is mandatory for pollination.
Seed drill machines are of two types, hand-operated and automatic.
Excessive exploitation of trees results in drought and heavy rainfall.
The farmer lacks funds for agricultural work.
Tree-based farming seems impossible without land use.
Cannabis is offered to Lord Shiva on the day of Shivaratri.
In villages, many decorative items were made of bamboo.
Sprouted grains are considered very beneficial for the stomach and eyes.
Farmers are also doing bamboo farming in the villages.
Fishing nets encourage fisheries.
French beans are called simi ko phali.
Poinsettia flowers look beautiful and elegant.
Fisheries protect biodiversity by preventing the hunting of natural fish stocks.
Raising pigs has low costs and high income.
When land use started, the concept of personal property came into existence.
The Prime Minister's Agriculture Development Plan and Irrigation Plan will change the picture of the agricultural sector.
It has a large long pipe, which is supported by a sprinkler tower.
The spinning wheel was a tool to teach the rural economy a lesson in self-reliance.
Pearl production has low costs and high profits.
Bell pepper, also known as red chili, is a type of herb.
About 15 million people in the country are getting employment from fisheries and hunting.
The head office of the Indian Tea Association is in Kolkata.
Does spraying cow urine increase plant growth and improve crop production?
Which seed gives a good yield when planted?
The impatiens plant grows six to nine inches tall.
Fish from fisheries at the mouth of the sea are expensive.
All industries get raw materials from the paper of trees obtained from the logging process.
Soil has fifty percent solids and fifty percent pores.
Liquor production is closed in Bihar, but it's still going on in Jharkhand.
Lime is used as a moss killer.
Wood construction is a multi-stage process.
Does the SRI method of rice cultivation make a difference in yield or not?
Mustard has aphids, I want to know what the solution is for that.
Wheat crop has armyworm, what should we do?
Which crop is good to plant in sandy soil?
Which crop is planted in sandy soil?
How much and what kind of fertilizer should be applied to two bigha of wheat field?
What kind of nutrient fertilizer should be used to make the soil more fertile?
Sir, how much fertilizer should be applied while sowing wheat seeds?
What do we do with a nylon cutter and how do we use it?
How much urea is needed for one bigha of wheat farming so that the production is good?
Straw is obtained from the paddy field.
All kinds of arrangements should be made before harvesting the crop.
The National Agriculture Market has been implemented in various regions.
Bamboo utensils are made in many houses in the village.
Grain loss is certain after harvesting the crop.
With the help of medicine, the cow became completely healthy.
How did he know the water content in the leaves through his senses?
Coconut husk is used to make rope.
Local cows should be impregnated by local bulls only.
To get natural rubber, a V-shaped cut is made in the tree.
By raising sheep, we get wool, milk, meat, skin, horns, and bones.
After independence, the agricultural sector was developed.
Proper irrigation maintains the fertility of the land.
After tea leaves were produced, they were sent for processing.
In Mithila, Junna is used for carrying heavy loads.
Due to excessive exploitation, the ground water level is decreasing.
A lack of nutrients can cause the cow to die.
In goat farming, our biggest problem is, is there any grass in the hundred-day flood?
What is a good diet for chickens?
Which seeds should be planted in late November and the first week of December, like Pachhate, for good production?
What kind of fertilizer should be used to increase the soil's fertility?
Insects are making holes in the banana plant, what are the ways to stop it?
Is there any cheap tool to cut small plants like chickpeas and lentils?
Which farming method is better, chemical or organic?
Which hormone is necessary for seed germination?
Which organic mixture should be used to remove eggplant blight?
How to protect wheat crops from insects, from the beginning?
For good horse gram production, what kind of fertilizer and how much should be used?
Which crop grows best in sandy soil?
How to find out the price of chili today?
Does buffalo milk have more fat or cow milk?
Does wheat production happen in black soil or not?
What percentage of discount is available on threshers?
What are the benefits after a farmer registers in e-mart and how do we sell crops directly from the app?
Hybrid seeds are resistant to many weather changes and diseases.
India is the world's largest producer of pulses, rice, milk, jute and cotton.
Which month and season should maize seeds be planted to plant Bhadai maize?
How to get grants to buy agricultural equipment?
How to protect crops like maize that are destroyed by pod borers?
Is it possible to cultivate peppermint in Darbhanga's soil?
Is a brush cutter good for harvesting paddy, is the cheap one okay?
How much urea fertilizer should be applied to one bigha of wheat?
My wheat leaves have mold and blisters, which insect is causing this?
What is the equipment for applying fertilizer to maize plants? Where and how is it found?
How can village farmers do online sales?
How to irrigate onions?
What kind of fertilizer should I use to make the roots of the crop stronger?
When the rice plant gets panicles, what kind of powder do you spray to make it split well?
What equipment is used to harvest paddy?
Which is a good tractor to use for harvesting corn?
Why are the okra leaves drying up?
The government also provides subsidies for raising local cows.
A permit was required for importing and exporting agricultural materials.
Due to the development of science, the production of hybrid mustard is possible.
There are various types of aquatic plants in his pond.
The farmer arranged various water sources for irrigating his crops.
Livestock farmers always pay attention to animal health.
Some species of pigs are black in color.
Natural fuel pollutes the environment.
Since sheep come in different colors, their wool is sorted by color.
Water on Earth is one of God's unique gifts.
Organic farming is good for the environment.
Remind me of the process of wheat farming and also tell me what is the use of water in wheat farming?
What measures should be taken to protect the crop from grasshoppers that eat by piercing the eyes?
What methods and techniques should be used for radish irrigation?
What are the symptoms of an aphid infestation?
What kind of agricultural tool should I buy for crop irrigation?
Multi-nutrient fertilizer is much better than single super phosphate.
The price of timber depends on its type.
What measures did the farmer take to protect against insect infestation?
Chemical fertilizer was used on the plants to increase nutrients.
Multiple crops are planted in a year in this type of farming.
In America, pesticides are sprayed from airplanes.
What are the necessary conditions for animal husbandry?
Which is a good crop to plant after mustard for the next farming season?
What is the difference between organic and biological, and which is better for all three compared to chemical?
How can chili farming be done with low expenses?
Milking cows are systematically kept in a special place.
Sweet custard apple is an example of a fruit with seeds.
The source of water resources on Earth is limited.
Paper is made from raw materials taken from trees in paper factories.
Using treated seeds can prevent blight disease.
Crop rotation maintains the fertility of the field.
Many trees have to be cut down for paper.
Farmers receive some amount per month from the Pradhan Mantri Kisan Maandhan Yojana.
Warm temperatures and humidity are required for coffee cultivation.
Animal husbandry helps farmers take care of their farms.
Organic farming is very expensive.
How to protect onions from thrips and rootworms?
Is wheat best in soil?
Which month is radish planted?
What should a pregnant buffalo be fed?
How many days can chilies be stored in a cold store?
What measures should be taken to remove termites from paddy?
Can lentils be produced well in sandy soil?
The paddy crop is not growing, which fertilizer should I use?
Which type of farming method is most useful in pea cultivation?
Which is the improved variety of maize?
Which is a good machine for threshing paddy?
The huller size depends on the machine's capacity.
Poultry farming requires less effort and generates more income.
Coconut fiber is used to make ropes.
Domestic goats are suitable for seasonal industries.
Beds, cots, couches, tables, chairs, stools, benches, desks, etc. are wood products.
In which soil is onion farming done?
What is CSC Rural e-Store?
Why are there so many ants on the banana plant? What's the reason?
How to know which items have offers in the market, and how much?
What is Mahindra tractor's contribution to agriculture?
What are the new technologies for irrigation?
Oily fish is considered very nutritious because it contains Omega-3.
In India, wheat is mainly produced in North India.
Ark shells, cockles, and gaper clams are many forms of mollusks.
To plant paddy, the paddy seeds are first planted in the field, then uprooted and replanted.
The scientific name of mango is Mangifera indica.
The study of analog forest will also start from this year.
Pearl farming is done in the Gulf of Mannar in the state of Tamil Nadu.
Insects enter any place for three things: cold, food, and shelter.
Weeds that grow along with crops in the field can be controlled in many ways.
Harmful weeds are harmful not only to crops, but also to people, animals and the environment.
There are four to eighteen species of bougainvillea found.
Eating fish provides many nutrients to the body.
In which season are seeds sown for early wheat?
What kind of plans are there related to vegetable farming?
What are the insects that ruin mung bean farming?
What is the average price of cauliflower going for in the village market?
What powder do you sprinkle on rice after the ears come out, to help them burst open nicely?
After which crop should you cultivate pulses?
Which is a good rice threshing machine?
What are the benefits of registering with Kisan e-Mart, and how do we sell crops directly from the app?
What measures should be taken to increase wheat production?
How much NPK should be mixed when planting wheat to protect it from pests?
How do we identify flowers on crops?
How can we identify insects?
How much moisture is needed in the field for planting corn?
The wind and storm made the mangoes fall?
Which is better for vegetable farming, chemical or organic fertilizer?
How to grow a lot of cauliflower in a small area?
Which company's fertilizer is good?
What is the best offer for buying in the AgriBazaar right now?
Sir, which variety of paddy is suitable for fields with a lot of water?
Is there a cheap spray available for small farmers like us?
How much Chlorpyrifos should be applied when cultivating garlic in one acre of land?
White insects have infested the flowers of the mustard crop, what should be done?
What kind of soil is good for wheat cultivation?
What is the importance of coolness in the environment for cotton cultivation?
What time of year is good for potato crops?
How much organic fertilizer should be applied to one acre of land?
How many days can tomatoes be stored in a cold store?
Can a grant be approved to buy a rotavator?
Which month is good for paddy crops?
How's the weather today, how will it affect the corn crop?
How long can we send our tomato production to the market before it rots?
Which is a good machine to put fertilizer at the root of tomato plants, and where can I find it?
What is the average price of one kilogram of chilies this week?
Water chestnut flour is also eaten during festivals.
The land is becoming acidic due to irrigation with salty water.
Wine harvesting is a very important process for making alcohol.
Using a bulldozer also saves time.
Plant pathology involves the study of plant diseases.
Bamboo farming is also useful for work.
Milk production capacity has developed from animal husbandry.
Mohair is the wool made from the Angora goat.
Pearl farming has boosted the industrial sector.
Retail goods are also found in grocery stores.
Planting trees maintains the natural habitat for wildlife and animals.
Back in the day, they used to talk about finding rubies.
If you farm together, the yield is less.
Which method is best for pest management?
How much does compost cost and where can I find it?
Why are the tomato plants curling?
How much moisture in the weather is good for a wheat crop?
Rubber production is not possible in South America because of wild animals.
There was a lot of demand for amaranth seeds in rural areas.
The main sources of white paper are trees like eucalyptus and poplar.
Kutrum jute looks like a different color.
He explained the importance of integrated farming systems to the officer.
What needs to be done to make wheat marketable?
Can hybrid seeds be used in organic farming?
What kind of water-related farming can be done in the Mithila region?
How to irrigate mustard?
What are the benefits of getting a Kisan Credit Card?
Sir, what kind of fertilizer should be used the most in paddy fields?
How to know if wheat has fourteen percent moisture?
Explain the process of wheat farming and also explain the use of water in wheat farming.
Which variety of corn yields the most?
How to keep nutrients in the soil for a long time?
How do you prepare the soil in your field before planting wheat?
Drumstick protects against many types of skin diseases.
Fiber obtained from nature is called natural fiber.
The leaves of jute are very tasty with a slight bitterness.
Agricultural talks between two agricultural countries benefit the farmers of both countries.
The use of gaseous biofuel reduces pollution.
Arabica coffee has the highest price in the market.
Bantu planted many rose plants in the barren land behind the house.
Pearl is considered a very beautiful and cooling gem.
Many types of dishes like halwa, khichdi, dosa, idli, sweets are made from semolina.
Gaseous biofuel also plays an important role in transportation.
Colorful flowers are used in large plant decorations.
Beekeeping is a good source of employment.
Latam helps in digestion as well as keeps the heart healthy.
There are many types of seeds such as sunflower seeds, millet seeds and mustard seeds.
During spring, bees tend to build separate hives in one place.
Barrier bags are considered best for packing tea leaves.
The health of the land is known from the fertility of the soil.
China alone produces fifty-one percent of the world's watermelon production.
What equipment is used for spraying pesticide?
How to harvest paddy in a waterlogged field?
Which agri product to use to increase tobacco production?
What is CSC Grameen e-Store?
What is the market price of one quintal of sugar?
How much does it cost for labor in marigold farming?
Farmers can take seed loans from seed banks.
Strip-till farming reduces both labor and money for farmers.
He went to the school to get a book for nutrient management.
After planting seeds, farmers wait for rain.
Timber is also used in making artifacts.
Jharki disease mostly affects potatoes, sunflowers, etc.
The agricultural sector is an important part of India's economy.
The nutrition obtained from fruits is very important in a balanced diet.
It is difficult to operate this machine in a small field.
What percentage of discount is available on threshers?
What to do to make vegetable plants flower more and prevent flower drop?
How to safely store potatoes in the warehouse for many days?
Is the jasmine type of rice production good?
How long can maize be stored in the warehouse without getting infested by insects?
How to buy and sell agricultural tools online?
How to store it so it doesn't get damaged?
Which variety of mustard is good?
How much money does a farmer get for the Bihar Fasal Sahayata Yojana?
What should be done to preserve the water holding capacity of the soil?
Why shouldn't chickpeas be cultivated in waterlogged areas?
How much does it cost to set up a cattle semen production plant, and what is the process?
What amount of M-45 solution should be added to potatoes?
Is the Jasmine variety of paddy good for production?
What kind of fertilizer should be used to make the soil fertile?
What kind of soil is suitable for radishes?
When does the online application for selling paddy start?
The government determines the market price of goods.
A garden was made and many trees were planted.
Genetic modification is done for artificial development.
The use of organic fertilizer increases the fertility of the field.
The government can estimate revenue from land records.
Good fertilizer was made from the decomposition of excellent organic matter.
He received some financial assistance through the Pashu Kisan Credit Card scheme.
The presence of both male and female flowers is essential for pollination.
The quality of potatoes produced by the farmer was checked.
The Soil Health Card scheme helps farmers increase their soil production.
Farmers take their animals to graze in the fields.
What should be the drying standards for wheat, corn and pulses crops?
What is organic farming, explain the method of cultivation?
JCB can be named as a front loading machine.
He had a very big business of marine aquaculture.
There are three types of cocoa in the world.
The merchant exhibited various pearl necklaces.
The weather forecast was given to the people through the news.
Common aquatic plants emerge from drains in India.
The rubber tree is cut to extract milk.
The minister assured financial assistance to protect the farmer from drought.
Agrochemicals destroy fungi, weeds, locusts, insects, etc.
The farmer was very happy after the seeds germinated.
The fertility of his land was destroyed due to climate change.
Weeds are necessary for the growth of the ecology tree.
People should not pay more than the market price.
The most common are snails and crabs.
The champak flower has a sweet and pleasant smell.
Making paper uses a lot of water, so it affects the environment.
To catch fish, nets are also thrown by hand.
Goods made from solid wood are strong and durable.
Nets and hooks are popular ways to catch fish.
It is said that using a small amount of hemp seeds is very beneficial.
The development of technology has reduced animal-based farming.
Bamboo is very useful for making a funeral bier.
How beneficial is it to feed millet to animals?
Can a landowner or sharecropper benefit from any government schemes for one bigha of land?
How many kilograms of pointed gourd grow in one kattha of field?
How much DAP fertilizer is needed for fifteen dhur of chili peppers?
How to know if a seed is good or not when shopping online?
What are the insects that ruin mung bean farming?
What kind of work do farmers do to the soil to grow more crops?
The blade of a bush-cutting tool should also be sharpened from time to time.
Crop diversity makes the nation self-reliant.
The agricultural cooperative bought crops from the farmers at a fair price.
Farming is mainly done in five ways throughout the world.
Life is going on in human civilization because of the positive impact of water.
Leaf sensors have proven useful in areas with water scarcity.
The plants in the garden are pruned regularly.
Useless trees should not be damaged, keeping in mind the ecological importance.
Insects in agriculture were a matter of concern for the government.
After the method of extracting gold from lemon tree bark comes to Mithila, employment opportunities will increase.
Water wastage can be reduced through irrigation management.
Genetic modification is done for artificial development.
Is it beneficial to buy a grass cutting tool online?
Vegetable seeds come out good when bought online, that's why vegetable seeds are trending online, right?
Where can farmers find out about the weather?
What is the price of all types of milk in government milk dairies?
Which is the best breed of cow?
How should cauliflower be watered at the time of planting?
What is the best way to store wheat?
Worms are making holes in the eggplant, should I put medicine for it?
What are the benefits of adding zinc to the field?
What tool is there for putting soil on the corn plant? Where and how can I get it?
How to maintain nutrients in the soil for a long time?
Sir, how many days before the monsoon should paddy seeds be sown?
My sugarcane crop has pyrella, what should I do?
To conserve soil, floods must be controlled.
Sorghum plant is also used as green fodder.
The government has ordered to cut down only the dry trees, especially.
You know, toddy is also made from palm trees, which is an intoxicating substance.
Bamboo is used to make musical instruments.
People with high blood pressure should not drink coffee.
The Sonari breed of sheep is found in all these districts: Bundi, Kota, Jhalawar, Udaipur.
100 grams of kundru vegetable contains up to 40 milligrams of calcium.
Does heavy rainfall affect wheat?
How effective is sprinkler irrigation for paddy cultivation?
Which is the cheapest paddy harvesting machine?
What kind of agricultural equipment should I buy for crop irrigation?
What are the benefits of planting hybrid paddy?
Is it a loss or a profit to buy rice on an online platform?
Which is the best variety of sunflower for Darbhanga?
Which hybrid breed of maize is available in the market?
How many types of seeds are there?
How often should irrigation be done?
What is the relationship between plant height and crop yield?
How much discount is there on paddy harvesting machines?
We don't know about vegetable farming.
Is it good to use sprinklers for irrigating corn crops?
Which insect cuts cauliflower and how to prevent it?
Which fertilizer to use to make wheat golden?
How much urea is needed per acre in a coriander field?
Crop insurance for farmers?
What things should be considered when the crop is ripening?
What is best for animal fodder?
Which crop is good to sell in e-market?
Ways to make watermelon grow bigger faster?
How much discount is there on potato planting machines?
Are there any kind of discounts on loans for farmers?
What is the best way to raise goats, tell me?
How much NPK should be given when planting seeds in fifteen kattha of wheat field?
How and how often is it necessary to use pesticides?
How does soil texture affect plant growth?
The Rabi season is between October and February.
Organic farming is given more priority compared to the use of chemicals in farming.
Drip irrigation is preferred over normal irrigation.
Is there any benefit to mixing organic and chemical fertilizers in the field?
What kind of help can be obtained from the government for small farmers?
How to protect crops from wild animals?
How many months old is this cauliflower seed?
What should be the ratio of pesticide and water to protect crops from insects?
How to get weather information during harvest time, tell me?
Is the paddy preparing thresher available cheaply in Agribazar or not?
What is the procedure for a Kisan Credit Card, explain in detail?
Which soil is best for pointed gourd cultivation, tell me?
What are the initial symptoms of insects infesting cauliflower?
How to grow aloe vera faster?
What does hybrid seed mean?
Which tractor should prepare the field before planting crops?
How long can we store our mung bean crop before it goes bad?
If we give the crop to PACS, we get a higher price but the money comes late.
When will the 2021 crop insurance come?
Is seed treatment necessary for 100 percent germination of plants?
How to get more production with less cost in tomato farming?
Kharif crops are usually planted at the beginning of the rainy season between April and May.
India is the largest producer of pulses, rice, milk, jute and cotton in the world.
How do we identify the flowering stage in crops?
What affects the amount of water in irrigation?
What pesticide is good to use to remove fungus from chili peppers?
What is seedbed production in rice farming?
How much does it cost to load one metric ton of potatoes onto a truck?
What is the process for harvesting Aloe vera?
What benefits do I get from taking a farmer credit card?
How much urea is needed for one acre of wheat farming?
Which company gives the most discount online?
How is nutrient management done in plants that are two to six months old?
What is the equipment for applying fertilizer to corn plants? Where and how can I get it?
Tell me the name of a pesticide used in tomato farming.
How does climate affect any crop?
What kind of crop yields the most profit?
What are the benefits of cross-pollination?
How do we know if the produced vegetable is pure?
What is the way to sell Malda mangoes outside of Bihar?
How can village farmers do online sales?
Rabi crops happen in winter, right?
Farming depends on rain and changing weather.
How do we identify pests?
Oil is also made from mustard seeds.
Many types of equipment are used from boats for fishing.
Floods, droughts, and fires also destroy crops.
Agroforestry is an important tool for crop production.
Farmers' protests have disrupted traffic.
Organic methods should be adopted to reduce the negative effects of chemical pesticides.
Irrigation is arranged in tropical farming.
Mollusks are a type of invertebrate; clams, conch shells, and oysters are good examples.
Deforestation can occur due to corrupt governments and government institutions.
The lowest cost of milk production is in India.
Genetic treatment improves fish health.
Algaecide is added to the pond to prevent algae.
What are the main chili seeds, like Tejaswini, Punjab Lal, Kashi Tej one hundred forty-eight, etc.?
Where and how can I get the equipment to remove the thorns from water caltrop?
To get the maximum yield of sesame, what kind and how much fertilizer or organic fertilizer should be used?
What crops are grown in temperate climates?
How much NPK is required per acre in wheat cultivation?
How do I find out the price of selling wheat?
How to farm in flood-prone areas?
What type of soil is most suitable for potato cultivation, and how is the soil prepared?
What kind of farming method is most useful in pea cultivation?
Which month is good for planting chickpeas?
When do you plant radish?
How much fertilizer should be applied to two Bigha of wheat field?
What kind of soil is best for vegetable farming?
How much lentil is produced in five Kattha of land?
In which month is maize planted that grows in the rainy season?
How to protect a spinach field from insects?
There are too many ants on the banana plant, what's the reason for that?
How many days can chilies be stored in a cold store?
Which is the best machine for spraying pesticides?
Which insecticide is used to control stem borers?
Which is the best breed of cow?
When crops are rotated, many wild plants are also uprooted.
Chinese peanuts are not only eaten but also used for oil extraction.
Gujarat ranks first and Maharashtra second in cotton production.
Cows, buffaloes, goats, sheep, and pigs are raised as livestock.
Millet used to be eaten by the people in the villages.
Millet is also cultivated in dry and semi-arid regions.
Many seafoods are also collected by hand.
The government conducts crop surveys to know how much crops were planted and produced in the country.
A flower gets fertilized after the pollen goes from the anther to the stigma.
How can we identify insects?
Kalmegh farming is planted around April to May, at the start of the rains.
You all should plant Shree Ram Company's wheat, use compost fertilizer, and stay away from chemical fertilizers.
Tree fiber is made of cellulose, etc.
The planted crop doesn't need too much sunlight.
During harvesting, machines are used along with people.
Jute leaves are found when it's rotting in water.
Pig farming improves the economic situation.
A breed of goat called Sirohi is found in Rajasthan and Gujarat.
Agricultural science involves the scientific study of agriculture.
In micro-irrigation, pipes are used to deliver water to specific locations.
A family farm means a farm that is owned by a family.
Goat skin has commercial uses.
The farmer had a lot of financial gain from watermelon.
Do this work and then harvest the next crop.
Organic fertilizer does not destroy the fertility of the land.
Soft wood is obtained from trees like Gular, Teak, etc.
Most of the village's development happened because of fly farming.
The farmer had a lot of financial gain from watermelon.
Local goat is really good for the meat industry.
In India, the companies that make agricultural machines, they make all kinds of great equipment.
In Karnataka, they use Mandya sheep meat as food.
Black soil is considered very good for mustard production.
Drinking too much tea is bad for heart patients.
Many materials are used from the forests of Arunachal Pradesh.
Sodium nitrate is mined from the Atacama Desert in Chile.
The distribution of water naturally isn't uniform.
Do animals get nutrients from worms?
Coffee is used a lot in urban areas.
Water can be delivered to different areas through water resource management.
Water has had both positive and negative impacts on human civilization.
A dish made of mussels was prepared in a foreign restaurant.
The farmer signed the papers for contract farming.
The Karakul breed of sheep is found in Central Asia.
Grain drying machines are used in the food processing industry.
A plan is very necessary for agricultural development.
If you don't control weeds, their seeds mix with the main crop's seeds.
The farmer produced a balanced yield and sold it in the market.
People really want to wear Angora wool clothes.
In cold places, all drones leave their nests in the autumn season.
Phosphate fertilizer is dissolved in water and given to the roots of the plants.
Pointed gourd vines do not need much water.
In South India, tamarind is especially used to make sambar chutney.
Covered farming reduces the labor of the farmer.
Many farmer brothers have also benefited because of government schemes.
Plants grown in the laboratory are more durable in the field.
The Food Safety Act is a type of law.
Plants are also pruned for the decoration of the garden.
The rate may be higher or lower depending on the size of the farm.
Animal husbandry is an agricultural practice of breeding and raising livestock.
The outer shell of a mollusk is a thick layer of calcium.
Employment develops from the use of marigold flowers.
Farmers have been provided funds for irrigation from the Pradhan Mantri Kusum Yojana.
A seed drill is a special type of equipment, which is used to plant seeds in the field by drilling holes.
Marine aquaculture is practiced as a business in many countries.
Excessive water exploitation can lead to the origin of water crisis.
Angamaly breed pigs are found in India.
A support institution has been established for the sale of watermelons.
One reason for grain wastage is harmful weeds.
Straw and weeds from the field, those kind of things are food for vegetarian animals.
How to make a trellis for bitter gourd farming?
What fertilizer to give to stop pumpkin flowers from falling?
Which is the best machine for spraying pesticides?
What kind of irrigation systems are there in the village?
How do our rose flowers grow?
What kind of organic mixture should be used to remove eggplant rot?
What things should you keep in mind when trading grains?
To get milk from a rubber tree, it is cut.
In the village, women make cow dung cakes from cow dung.
Mastitis is a type of disease that affects cows.
Sugar from fruits increases the chance of getting many kinds of diseases.
All the farmers supported the Prime Minister's Farmer Scheme.
People have a strong desire to wear Angora wool clothes.
Plastic is laid down to save moisture.
African wood is the most valuable wood in the world.
Wood is used in almost all household items.
It is not easy to farm in the salty water of the sea.
The price of a sprayer machine is not too much for farmers.
To raise chickens, you need a big, airy house.
Keratin is found in two types in the world.
The spinning jenny was made during the initial industrial revolution.
In the old days, agricultural tools weren't used.
Cleaning sheep improves wool quality and increases fertility.
Agricultural land becomes infertile due to drought.
The sheep's fertility was affected due to lack of nutrients.
After plowing with a tractor, the field is watched over.
Pesticides are also used to protect against flowering diseases.
Rotational grazing can help improve long-term pasture quality and fertility.
People eat it raw, cooked as a vegetable, or with chaat masala.
Before, people used to harvest crops with their hands.
Rice is eaten as a food every day in Bengal and throughout Northeast India.
It's very difficult to increase the main crop.
Soil erosion occurred in Mohan's field because of waterlogging.
The minimum support price is always lower than the market price.
Reducing the consumption of biofuels causes less damage to the environment.
Structural nutrients are needed for crop growth.
Commercial crops etc. are provided in the National Food Security Mission.
The agricultural sector is greatly affected by the lack of rain.
Micronutrients catalyze enzymes.
In the early stages, the spinning jenny made weak thread.
The process of giving animals a nutrient-rich diet is called animal nutrition.
It is very important to know about the equipment before using it.
There was a big drought in the state of Bengal.
Pearl farming is a very good aquaculture method in India.
We should find ways to identify and remove harmful weeds.
After getting wool from Kashmiri goats, the wool is sent to the factory.
Which is the best variety of sunflower for Darbhanga?
How to know if any seed is good or not while shopping online?
Where can we find the best tools for our farmer brothers?
What should be done to maintain the water holding capacity of the soil?
Where and how can I find the device to remove the thorns from water chestnuts?
How to prevent blight in potatoes?
Can we buy farming equipment from a mobile app?
What is the way to buy irrigation equipment from home using mobile?
How much water should there be in one kattha of paddy?
Which variety of seed gives the most yield in lentils?
Which is the best sugarcane crushing machine and where is it found?
What is the element that stops the growth of cultivation?
Which crop to plant during the rainy season?
Drip irrigation has been more effective than canal irrigation in post-earthquake reconstruction.
In the local market, farmers find it easier to collect rainwater for irrigation than using canal irrigation in the spring season.
In case of water scarcity, adopting sprinkler irrigation system can be a good alternative to canal irrigation.
During the research, I found that it is more expensive for farmers to draw groundwater for irrigation than using canal irrigation in winter.
Canal irrigation is effective during the rainy season, but water scarcity creates problems before the monsoon.
The use of fertilizers and pesticides can be reduced by using drip irrigation compared to canal irrigation.
This year, the delay in the maintenance of canal irrigation seems to affect production, while it used to be on time in other years.
A rainwater harvesting plan could be a good alternative to canal irrigation to solve the water problem.
Although sprinkler irrigation is more expensive than canal irrigation, it is much better in terms of water saving.
In some places, farmers are forced to extract groundwater due to the lack of canal irrigation systems.
Farmers have been facing many problems due to the irregular water distribution schedule of canal irrigation.
There is a high possibility of water wastage in canal irrigation system compared to drip irrigation.
Although canal irrigation is sufficient during the rainy season, there is a problem due to water scarcity in winter.
Due to the lack of equipment required for canal irrigation, work has not been done on time.
The use of chemical fertilizers can be reduced by irrigating with collected rainwater compared to canal irrigation.
Paddy production is likely to decrease this year due to insufficient canal irrigation water.
Due to the improper management of canal irrigation, some farmers have been attracted to alternative irrigation systems.
Excessive exploitation of groundwater can also affect canal irrigation in the future.
The use of irrigation equipment is necessary to deliver canal irrigation water to the fields.
Canal irrigation is considered traditional and less effective compared to drip irrigation system.
If canal irrigation isn't fixed on time, the water shortage will probably get worse.
Sprinkler irrigation is more modern and effective than canal irrigation, but it's expensive.
Using canal irrigation water increases the chance of decreasing soil fertility.
Collecting and using rainwater instead of canal irrigation has a positive impact on the environment.
Instead of looking for alternatives to canal irrigation due to water shortage, its proper management should be focused on.
Problems have arisen due to disputes between farmers regarding the distribution of canal irrigation water.
Drip irrigation can produce more with less water compared to canal irrigation.
Proper use of canal irrigation during the rainy season can conserve water for the winter.
Farmers haven't been able to benefit as much as they thought because the management of canal irrigation water isn't good.
Developing canal irrigation is better for the environment than pulling groundwater for irrigation.
When using canal irrigation water, chemical fertilizer use should be reduced, otherwise the soil will be damaged.
Canal irrigation is cheaper than sprinkler irrigation, but it's not as effective in saving water.
Farmers haven't been able to plant crops on time because there isn't a proper schedule for canal irrigation water.
A lot of water is being wasted due to leaks because canal irrigation isn't being properly maintained.
Although installing a drip irrigation system is expensive, it provides long-term benefits compared to canal irrigation.
The canal irrigation water distribution system needs to be improved, otherwise the water shortage will always continue.
Collecting and using rainwater instead of canal irrigation means you don't have to pay water bills.
Farmers are having to take out loans to plant crops because the canal irrigation water isn't being managed properly.
Using sprinkler irrigation can reduce the excessive water loss that occurs in canal irrigation.
Some farmers have been affected because of the inequality in the distribution of canal irrigation water.
Uncontrolled use of groundwater can also affect the water source of canal irrigation.
Farmers are frustrated because the local government isn't paying attention to canal irrigation maintenance.
Even though canal irrigation is easier to work with than drip irrigation, it doesn't save water.
Farmers can improve their living standards by using canal irrigation water properly.
Modern technology should be used to improve the management of canal irrigation water.
Farmers haven't been able to use improved seeds due to the lack of canal irrigation water.
If the government provides subsidies to install sprinkler irrigation systems, dependence on canal irrigation can be reduced.
Farmers haven't been able to use fertilizer and pesticides on time due to improper management of canal irrigation water.
Farmers can increase their production by utilizing canal irrigation water well.
Farmers haven't been able to buy modern agricultural tools due to improper use of canal irrigation water.
When storing seeds in the warehouse, they must be dried well, otherwise there is a risk of mold.
We should arrange to store potato seeds in cold storage this winter.
If the seed packaging isn't good, there's a chance of damage during transport.
Pesticides may need to be used to protect seeds from insects when storing them in the seed warehouse.
It is necessary to grade paddy seeds well before selling them.
Special attention should be paid to seed storage after the rainy season.
Managing cold storage is important to maintain proper temperature in the seed storage.
Sufficient stock should be maintained as seed demand increases during the harvesting season.
Seeds should be thoroughly checked before storing them in the warehouse for food preservation.
Modern technology should be adopted to reduce losses during seed storage.
It's important to pay special attention to storage to maintain seed quality.
There's not enough space in the warehouse this year, so it's going to be a problem storing the seeds.
Seeds lose their ability to germinate if stored in a damp place. So, they should be stored in a dry place.
Seeds should be packaged only after testing their quality.
When storing seeds in the warehouse, light should not enter.
To protect seeds from insects, it is appropriate to put neem leaves before storing.
Proper food preservation methods should be adopted to keep seeds viable for a long time.
Negligence in storage can cause great damage due to seed-borne diseases.
Seed bags should be placed on wooden planks instead of directly on the floor.
The floor and walls should be cleaned before storing seeds in the warehouse.
Seeds should be stored in a way that allows air circulation.
The production and expiry date should be clearly written on the seed packet.
Poison may need to be placed in the warehouse to protect seeds from rats.
Due to lack of attention in storage, the seeds were infested with insects and suffered great damage.
Farmers should be informed about the importance of seeds and their conservation.
Drying seeds in the sun before storing increases their quality.
The seed storage area in the warehouse should be inspected regularly.
The temperature and humidity levels should be balanced when storing seeds.
When grading seeds, good and bad seeds should be separated.
Seed packaging should be attractive and informative.
When storing seeds in the warehouse, you shouldn't mix one type of seed with another.
When transporting seeds, special care should be taken to protect them from water.
Proper seed storage provides great relief to farmers.
It is necessary to train the workers who store seeds in the warehouse.
Investing in seed storage is good preparation for the future.
There should be security in the warehouse to keep the seeds safe.
You should have information about the local climate for seed storage.
Pest control should be done regularly in the warehouse to protect the seeds.
The sacks used for storing seeds should be strong.
New technologies related to seed storage should be made available to farmers.
The seeds should be tested before storing them in the warehouse.
Food preservation measures should be taken to prevent the quality of seeds from deteriorating.
A record of stock should be kept when storing seeds.
There should be adequate ventilation in the warehouse for seed protection.
Seeds should be protected from dust and soil during storage.
Proper packaging of seeds increases its market value.
People working in the warehouse should wear masks when storing seeds.
Farmers have to bear huge losses if they don't pay attention to seed storage.
How can the use of fertilizer be adjusted when doing mixed farming; this information can be found at the cooperative's cold storage center?
What problems can arise in cold storage when planting timber trees and fruit trees in the same place?
How has the cooperative arranged seeds for grass trees in the cold storage?
Is there a subsidy arrangement for power tillers in the cold storage?
What arrangements are there for controlling pests in fruits stored in cold storage during pre-monsoon?
What plan has the cooperative brought to increase carbon storage, can I find information about it at the cold storage?
What programs is the cooperative running to reduce pesticide use in cold storage?
Where can I find seeds for mixed farming for fruits and vegetables stored in cold storage?
Has the cooperative arranged a separate space for winter crops in the cold storage?
How is the cooperative encouraging shade farming in cold storage, given the fragmented land?
What measures are there to protect fruits stored in cold storage during the monsoon from diseases?
What facilities has the cooperative provided to farmers who use organic fertilizer in cold storage?
Does the cooperative provide any training to farmers who plant timber trees in the cold storage?
What are the benefits of planting fruit trees and grass trees in the same place in cold storage?
When is the training to operate a power tiller at the cooperative's cold storage center?
When doing mixed farming, how does the cooperative provide information on what seeds to plant in which season?
Has the cooperative brought any program to promote carbon storage in cold storage?
How to farm without using pesticides, does the cooperative provide this information in cold storage?
How does the cooperative help farmers with fragmented land in cold storage?
What things should be considered in cold storage when doing shade farming?
What plan has the cooperative brought for paddy cultivation during the monsoon in cold storage?
Does the cooperative provide training on making compost fertilizer in cold storage?
When planting timber trees, how does the cooperative help with cold storage?
Where does the cooperative get seeds for fruit trees from, for cold storage?
What kind of programs has the cooperative brought for grass trees in cold storage?
How does the cooperative handle power tiller maintenance in cold storage?
What help does the cooperative provide for pre-monsoon crops in cold storage?
What policy has the cooperative adopted for carbon storage in cold storage?
What advice does the cooperative give in cold storage to reduce pesticide use?
Since the land is fragmented, what kind of farming does the cooperative advise in cold storage?
What help does the cooperative provide in cold storage when doing shade farming?
What kind of crops does the cooperative advise to plant in cold storage during monsoon?
What facilities does the cooperative provide in cold storage when using compost fertilizer?
What benefits does the cooperative provide in cold storage when planting timber trees?
What help does the cooperative provide in cold storage when planting fruit trees?
What programs has the cooperative brought for grass trees in cold storage?
What kind of loan does the cooperative give in cold storage to buy a power tiller?
What kind of seeds does the cooperative provide in cold storage during pre-monsoon?
What plans has the cooperative made for carbon storage in cold storage?
How does the cooperative teach farming without using pesticides in cold storage?
How does the cooperative help farmers with fragmented land in cold storage?
What kind of training does the cooperative provide in cold storage when doing shade farming?
What crops does the cooperative encourage for cold storage during the monsoon?
What kind of subsidy does the cooperative give for compost fertilizer in cold storage?
Has the cooperative introduced a timber tree insurance plan in cold storage?
Has the cooperative introduced a fruit tree insurance plan in cold storage?
Has the cooperative introduced a grass tree insurance plan in cold storage?
Has the cooperative arranged insurance for power tillers in cold storage?
How does the cooperative check the quality of seeds in cold storage?
Does the cooperative encourage the use of organic pesticides instead of chemical pesticides in cold storage?
Had to run around so much for the cooperative credit, when will the process be easier?
It was hard to get fertilizer even this Rabi season, how to increase production?
Even when climate change affects seed quality, no one cares.
Microfinance charges high interest, how will we pay?
Why does the agricultural bank make it so difficult to give loans to small farmers?
This year a lot of rain ruined the seeds, who will compensate?
Subsidized seeds are stuck in the warehouse, when will farmers get them?
Need to mortgage land to get a cooperative loan, where will poor farmers get that from?
The government doesn't help at all to control seed-borne diseases.
Agricultural banks hesitate to give loans to farmers at subsidized rates.
Had to leave the field barren because I didn't get fertilizer on time.
The microfinance interest rate has made it impossible for farmers to recover.
Insurance companies don't even want to pay compensation when crops are destroyed.
The seeds that the government subsidizes always come late, what's the use?
Many farmers have been displaced because they couldn't pay back the cooperative's loan.
Microfinance companies are too aggressive in collecting loans, it's hard for farmers to survive.
Where do we farmers go after the Agricultural Bank hesitates to give loans?
Cooperative credit only helps the rich, they don't care about the poor.
The subsidized seeds that the government gives are low quality.
Why is the Agricultural Bank so stingy in giving loans to farmers at subsidized rates?
Why does cooperative credit make it so difficult to give loans to small farmers?
We have stored improved seeds keeping in mind the weather forecast.
It is estimated that the demand for seeds may increase this year due to the late monsoon.
For climate adaptation, we have also kept drought-resistant seeds.
It seems that the capacity of cold storage should be increased to protect seeds from hail.
Since the risk of flooding has increased, the seeds have to be moved to a safe place.
It has been informed that seed transportation may be problematic due to landslides.
A mobile app should be created to provide weather forecast information to farmers.
It is necessary to pay attention to the quality of seeds to fight climate change.
We have also stored wheat seeds for winter rain.
Farmers have complained that they are delayed in planting seeds due to not getting fertilizer on time.
Attention should be paid to supply management this year as the demand for seeds has increased.
We should start preparing alternative arrangements because drought can affect seed production.
We need to be careful because floods during monsoon can damage seed storage.
Hail can reduce seed quality, so we need to protect them from it.
We have imported improved seeds for climate adaptation.
It seems like it will be difficult for seeds to germinate this year because it didn't rain on time.
To protect seeds from the cold, proper temperature should be maintained in cold storage.
Considering the possibility of seeds rotting due to excessive rainfall during monsoon, they have been stored accordingly.
We advise farmers to choose seeds according to the season.
Information about the use of pesticides should be provided to control seed-borne diseases.
Due to climate change, it is difficult for crops to thrive, so the quality of seeds should be improved.
It is estimated that the demand for seeds may increase this year as the monsoon is weak.
We need to teach farmers about the importance of seeds and their proper use.
We have stored enough seeds to prevent shortages due to drought.
Seeds need to be covered with plastic to protect them from hail.
Considering the risk of floods and landslides, we have arranged for alternative seed storage.
We have arranged to provide weather forecast information to farmers via SMS.
New technologies should be used to reduce the impact of climate change on seed production.
It is estimated that the demand for wheat seeds may decrease this year due to low winter rainfall.
Farmers have complained that they have not been able to plant seeds due to lack of fertilizer on time.
Since the demand for seeds has increased this year, the distribution system needs to be organized.
We need to arrange irrigation because drought will affect seed production.
We should get insurance because monsoon floods can damage seed storage.
There should be compensation because hailstones can reduce seed quality.
We have prioritized local seeds for climate adaptation.
There is a possibility that seed production may decrease this year due to lack of timely rain.
Heaters should be arranged in cold storage to protect seeds from the cold.
Seeds should be stored in a place where water does not accumulate because excessive monsoon rains can rot the seeds.
We advise farmers to select seeds only after testing the soil.
The use of organic pesticides should be encouraged to control seed-borne diseases.
Seeds should be made disease resistant because it is difficult for crops to thrive due to climate change.
There has been a demand that the government should subsidize seeds as the monsoon is weak this year.
We see the need to train farmers about seeds.
We have imported seeds from India to prevent seed shortages due to drought.
Seeds need to be covered with tarpaulin to protect them from hail.
Helicopters should be arranged for seed transport, considering the risk of floods and landslides.
We have arranged for farmers to get weather forecast information from the radio.
Research should be emphasized to reduce the impact of climate change on seed production.
There is a possibility that the demand for wheat seeds may increase this year due to low winter rainfall.
Farmers who have not been able to plant seeds due to lack of timely fertilizer should be compensated.
I am fed up with too many insects in the field, now I am thinking of controlling insects with organic methods.
Using chemical pesticides ruins the soil, so we should use less of it.
This year, the paddy got hit by a fungal disease, so the production will decrease.
We should protect the crops by using integrated pest management.
Because of the bacterial disease in the field, the plants have started to dry up.
To protect crops from viral diseases, special attention should be given before planting seeds.
The rats in the field are causing a lot of trouble, what should we do to control them?
Many farmers are at risk because they don't know about pesticide safety.
If you can't control the weeds, it greatly affects crop production.
By using biological control methods, we can also protect the environment.
I'm thinking of using new seeds this year for the planting season.
The insects that come in the spring season cause a lot of damage to the crops.
There's been an increased insect infestation in the corn planted in the monsoon season.
There is a high chance of crops getting diseases in the pre-monsoon period.
You should wear a mask for safety when using pesticides.
We need improved seeds for good production.
Using compost fertilizer makes the soil fertile.
Fertilizer is needed for the nutrients that the crop needs.
I use organic pesticides to control insects in the fields.
The integrated pest management program has given relief to many farmers.
These days, I've started spraying weed killer in the field.
After the crops get disease, you should consult with an agriculture expert before spraying pesticides.
Even though it's hard to control pests with organic methods, it's good for the environment.
I'm planning to set traps to control rats in the field.
Be careful when using pesticides, it can affect your health.
Weeding is necessary to control weeds.
When the pest infestation increases in the crops, you should adopt organic control measures.
This year, it was late to plant seeds because it didn't rain on time.
I'm worried about how to protect the crops from diseases that occur in the spring season.
You should get information about diseases that affect rice in the monsoon season.
You should prepare to protect crops from insects that occur in the pre-monsoon season.
I know that the use of pesticides has a negative impact on the environment.
This year, I'm thinking of using improved seeds to produce more.
If we can make compost fertilizer, we can reduce the use of chemical fertilizers.
It is difficult to get the fertilizer needed for the crops on time.
After taking the Integrated Pest Management training, it became easier to control pests.
If the government subsidized pesticides, farmers would get a lot of relief.
Modern equipment should be used to control weeds in the field.
I have a plan to make my field poison-free by using organic pesticides.
The government should run programs in villages to provide information about pesticide safety.
Production costs decrease when adopting the Integrated Pest Management method.
If the government gives subsidies for improved seeds, it will really benefit the farmers.
We can reduce the use of chemical fertilizers by learning how to make compost fertilizer.
I'm worried that the production will decrease this time because of the lack of fertilizer.
Using organic methods to control the insects in the field is becoming effective.
When using pesticides, you have to keep playing children away.
Modern technology should be used to control weeds.
Organic control measures should be adopted to prevent diseases in crops.
It is very important to take care of your health when using pesticides.
There should be training at the local level for weed control.
After the flood washed away the animal feed, it's difficult to feed the yaks, how to manage the feed now?
Since the demand for chicken has decreased in the local market, I'm looking for a place to store it in a cold store.
It's hard to even pay the rent for the cold storage by selling cow's milk.
The recent flood caused great damage to fish farming, I need a loan to start again.
This year, even the sheep's wool didn't sell well, I have to store it.
After the flood washed away the manure, I was forced to use chemical fertilizer in the field.
The farmers who raise pigs have suffered a lot of losses after the flood washed away the pig pens.
There used to be good income from beekeeping, but there was a problem after the flood washed away the hives.
Cold storage is needed to keep buffalo milk safe for many days, but there is a problem with electricity here.
After the flood washed away the fields, the farmers are attracted to animal husbandry, but there is a lack of proper training.
Tourists really like the dishes made from yak's milk, but it's difficult to get them to the market.
After the flood damage, will the livestock insurance plan provide some relief?
Because of the heavy rain this monsoon, it's been hard to store animal feed.
There's a high demand for Chyangra in the local market, but it's hard to supply.
After the flood damage, there's no space in the cold storage to keep compost fertilizer either.
It's hard to get medicine for cattle diseases on time, and the vet center is far.
To keep the chicks safe, the cold storage temperature needs to be adjusted.
Because of the floods and landslides, even potato seeds weren't available properly this year.
What documents are needed to get the government grant for fish farming?
It's difficult to get space in cold storage to process and store sheep wool.
I have to use the money from selling bee honey to educate my children.
Without cold storage to safely store pork, traders buy it at a lower price.
After the flood damage, farmers are forced to go to the bank to get loans for animal husbandry.
The flood swept away the straw to feed the cows, where will I get it now?
The price of feed needed for chickens has skyrocketed, how will I raise them?
After the flood damage, financial assistance is needed to build a new shed for animal husbandry.
The demand for clothes made from sheep wool is increasing in the market, but production is low.
There's a rule to sell bee honey only after quality check, but there's no place to check here.
It would be very beneficial to farmers if there was cold storage where pork could be safely stored for many days.
After the flood damage, I don't know when the relief from the government will be available.
If the cows were vaccinated on time, there would be less fear of disease.
What precautions should we take to protect chickens from bird flu?
After the flood damage, farmers need to be trained about animal husbandry.
There is a possibility of exporting carpets made from sheep wool abroad.
Various medicines can be made from bee honey, but it requires investment.
Cold storage should be arranged to sell pork at a fair price.
After the flood damage, farmers should be encouraged to get livestock insurance.
There is a possibility of producing biogas from cow and buffalo dung.
Chicken manure can be used in the field by making compost fertilizer.
An industry can be established to process sheep wool and make various items.
There should be transportation facilities to get bee honey to the market.
If pork could be sold by packaging it, a good price would be obtained.
After the flood damage, farmers should be provided with easy loans for animal husbandry.
Medicines required for cows and buffaloes should be made available at subsidized rates.
There is a possibility of producing the feed required for chickens locally.
There is a high demand for sweaters made from sheep wool in the market.
Sweets made from bee honey are very popular with tourists.
Various dishes can be made and sold from pork.
After the flood damage, various programs should be introduced to encourage farmers for animal husbandry.
If yak milk could be powdered and sold, it would generate good income.
Due to the lack of water, the use of urea fertilizer should be minimized.
Make sure the compost manure is well prepared before putting it in cold storage.
When choosing wheat seeds for the Rabi season, get information about using chemical fertilizers.
You can get good yield even by using organic fertilizer, try it once.
Look for other options instead of DAP fertilizer, it might not work well due to lack of water.
Get a soil test done before using potash fertilizer, don't use more than needed.
Biofertilizer increases soil fertility, so prioritize its use.
Get information about government subsidies on fertilizers from the agriculture office.
Make a schedule for using fertilizers, use them only keeping water availability in mind.
Using too much fertilizer damages the soil, so use fertilizer only in balanced amounts.
When using fertilizer in the post-monsoon, don't use it in places where water accumulates.
Get the soil condition checked before using chemical fertilizer in the spring season.
Farmers should be given training on making compost manure.
Make soil testing mandatory for the correct amount of urea fertilizer.
The effect of using DAP fertilizer on the soil should be studied.
The government should take initiative to increase the availability of potash fertilizer.
Investment should be made to increase the production of biofertilizer.
The use of organic fertilizer should be encouraged as an alternative to chemical fertilizer.
Farmers should be informed about the environmental impact of excessive use of urea fertilizer.
Special attention should be given when using compost manure in water scarcity.
When using fertilizer, use different amounts according to the type of soil.
Farmers should be advised to use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
Agricultural technicians should be sent to villages to provide information about the right time to use fertilizer.
Farmers should be trained to reduce the use of chemical fertilizers.
Necessary materials for making compost fertilizer should be managed.
Farmers should be made aware of the negative effects of using urea fertilizer.
Information should be provided about other fertilizers that can be used as alternatives to DAP fertilizer.
The effect of potash fertilizer use on production should be studied.
Farmers should be given subsidies to promote the use of biofertilizers.
Training should be given on how to increase soil fertility by using organic fertilizer.
Water availability should be considered when using fertilizer in the Rabi season.
The use of chemical fertilizers should be reduced and the use of organic fertilizers should be increased.
Training should be organized in villages to teach how to make compost fertilizer.
Information should be kept about the changes that occur in the soil when using urea fertilizer.
The effect on production when using other fertilizers instead of DAP fertilizer should be studied.
The effect of potash fertilizer use on soil fertility should be studied.
Information should be taken on the changes that occur in the soil when using biofertilizers.
The need for chemical fertilizers is reduced when using organic fertilizer.
Soil health should be prioritized when using fertilizer.
Be careful when determining the amount of urea fertilizer for wheat in the Rabi season.
Adjust the proper temperature when storing compost fertilizer in cold storage.
Give information about organic fertilizer that can be used as an alternative to chemical fertilizer.
The government should make the fertilizer subsidy system more effective.
Motivate farmers to use organic fertilizer by reducing the use of DAP fertilizer.
Using potash fertilizer increases the taste of vegetables, but the amount should be right.
Using biofertilizers keeps the soil healthy, prioritize it.
When making compost, prioritize earthworm compost, it's the best.
The use of chemical fertilizers reduces soil fertility, so reduce its use.
Before using fertilizer, get a soil test and use fertilizer only according to the report.
Pesticide use kills insects immediately, but biological control protects the environment.
Using organic fertilizer is much better for the soil than using chemical fertilizer.
Using organic pesticides has less impact on the environment compared to chemical pesticides.
In the current situation, it is better to adopt integrated pest management methods than using pesticides.
Pulling weeds by hand is best for the soil than spraying pesticides to control weeds.
It is better to use pesticides in time than to have wildfires destroy crops.
Modern power tillers plow fields much faster than traditional ones.
Using organic pesticides is safer for health than using chemical pesticides.
Neglecting safety precautions when using pesticides can be fatal.
Integrated pest management system is more environment friendly than using pesticides.
Although chemical fertilizer increases production immediately, it is better to use compost in the long run.
It is best to use pesticides only when necessary rather than using them excessively.
There are less insects in winter than when there's more bug problems in the rainy season.
It's safer to control pests with organic methods than using pesticides.
It's more risky to not use personal protective equipment than to use it when using pesticides.
It's best to use organic pesticides because chemical pesticides damage the soil.
More workers are needed during rice harvesting than during rice planting.
Using organic fertilizer in the fields is safer for the environment than spraying pesticides.
It's better to prevent disease than to treat it after it occurs.
It's more harmful to use pesticides haphazardly than to use the correct dosage.
Pesticide use kills insects immediately, but integrated pest management provides a sustainable solution.
Pesticide use has a negative impact on the environment, but biological control keeps the environment in balance.
Organic fertilizer increases soil fertility more than chemical fertilizer increases production.
Modern agricultural technology increases production more than traditional agricultural techniques.
It's easier to use herbicides than to pull weeds by hand.
Stored grain is more likely to be infested with insects in winter than in the rainy season.
It's more harmful to your health to not wear a mask than to wear one when using pesticides.
Pesticide use reduces soil quality, but organic fertilizer makes the soil fertile.
It is safer to use organic pesticides than to spray pesticides.
A power tiller makes it easier to plow the field, but plowing with oxen increases soil fertility.
Chemical pesticides control insects immediately, but integrated pest management controls insects in the long run.
Using compost fertilizer is more environmentally friendly than using chemical fertilizer.
Using pesticides kills the bugs, but it reduces the soil's fertility.
Using organic pesticides is better for the environment than spraying pesticides.
Chemical fertilizer increases production immediately, but organic fertilizer makes the soil fertile in the long run.
A power tiller works fast, but plowing with oxen benefits the soil.
Pulling weeds by hand is safer for the environment than using herbicides.
Being careless while using pesticides is more dangerous than taking precautions.
Insect infestations increase in the rainy season, but are less in the winter.
Using biological control methods is better for the environment than using pesticides.
Using organic pesticides is better for health than using chemical pesticides.
Using pesticides kills insects immediately, but biological control provides a long-term solution.
Chemical fertilizer increases production, but it reduces the quality of the soil.
Integrated pest management reduces the use of pesticides, but it takes more time and effort.
Being careless while using pesticides is riskier than taking safety precautions.
Using pesticides damages the soil, but organic fertilizer makes the soil fertile.
Using organic fertilizer increases soil fertility more than using chemical fertilizer.
Which pesticide would be good to use for weed control in rice this year?
What should be done to protect potatoes from fungal diseases, sir?
There's been an increased tomato fruitworm infestation, how do we control it?
What kind of safety precautions should be taken when using pesticides?
What are the biological methods to control crop pests, please tell me.
There are many kinds of weeds in the field, which herbicide should I use?
How to protect rice seedlings from diseases when planting?
What is the cost and what are the benefits of using integrated pest management?
Where can I get training on the safe use of pesticides?
Rats have caused a lot of damage in the field, what to do to control them?
How to prevent brown rust disease in wheat?
How to protect vegetables from viral diseases in this season?
Is it effective to use organic pesticides instead of chemical pesticides?
Stem borers have destroyed the rice crop, what to do now?
There is an outbreak of bacterial disease in rice in this area, what is the treatment?
What is the impact of pesticide use on the environment, and how can it be reduced?
What are the modern agricultural tools for weed control?
What can be done to control pests in organic farming?
What measures should be taken to protect potatoes from late blight?
What is the effect of pesticide use on the soil?
What could be the reason for the increased pest infestation in seasonal vegetables this year?
How does the use of herbicides affect soil fertility?
How to identify crop diseases?
Can biological control methods be used as an alternative to pesticides?
What is the life cycle of the different types of insects that infest the field?
What to do to control blast disease in paddy?
What are some ways to control pests without using pesticides?
How does waterlogging in the field increase weeds, and how to control it?
How to avoid the health effects of using pesticides?
Where can I find organic pesticides and how to use them?
How to control leaf-eating insects in vegetable crops?
What precautions should be taken to prevent diseases in crops?
How much does pesticide for fields cost?
When is the appropriate time to apply pesticides?
Does the government provide any subsidies for weed control?
How do pesticide-resistant insects develop?
Can I show a photo of crop diseases and pests to find out the treatment method?
How to understand the information written on pesticide labels?
How many days after applying pesticide should we not eat the vegetables?
How can field pests be controlled naturally?
Where can I find information about the Integrated Pest Management program?
What should be done in the field to reduce the effect of pesticides?
What new technology has come for weed control?
What could be an environmentally friendly way to use pesticides?
How to treat seeds to prevent crop diseases?
How does using pesticides affect the biodiversity of the soil?
There are too many weeds in the field and the yield has decreased, what to do now?
How can we produce healthy crops without using pesticides?
This year there is an outbreak of stem borers in rice, what are the measures for prevention?
Is the manual method effective for weed control or the chemical method?
Be aware that using too much potash fertilizer in the absence of water can cause the plants to dry out even more.
There is a risk of chemical fertilizers spoiling due to the cold when stored in cold stores, use them only after checking properly.
If the compost manure is not well decomposed, it can cause disease in the crop, be careful.
Using urea fertilizer haphazardly without soil testing reduces soil fertility, be careful.
If DAP fertilizer is not properly dissolved in water, the plant may not get the necessary nutrients, pay attention.
If the amount of organic fertilizer is not adjusted according to the soil, the growth of the crop may be stopped, take expert advice.
If the documents are incomplete when applying for fertilizer subsidy, the process may be delayed, keep all the documents ready.
If you don't pay attention to the timing of fertilizer application, it can have a negative impact on the Rabi season crop, apply fertilizer on time.
Excessive use of fertilizer can increase the acidity in the soil and reduce production, use fertilizer only in balanced amounts.
If safety measures are not taken while using chemical fertilizers, skin allergies can occur, take precautions.
If only chemical fertilizers are used without using organic fertilizers, the natural properties of the soil are lost, take care.
If things like plastic are mixed in while making compost manure, it damages the soil, be aware of this.
The quality of urea fertilizer may decrease if it is kept in the open, store it in a safe place.
If DAP fertilizer is used more than necessary, the roots of the plant can be burnt, use it only in the right amount.
If the type of soil is not taken into account when using potash fertilizer, the crop may not benefit, get the soil tested.
If the bio fertilizer is expired, it might not work, so check the date before using.
If you misuse the fertilizer subsidy provided by the government, you might face legal action, so be aware.
If it's windy when you're fertilizing, the fertilizer can blow away and not reach the crops properly, so check the weather before fertilizing.
Using too much fertilizer in the field can affect water sources, so consider this.
If you don't wash your hands properly after using chemical fertilizer, it can affect your health, so wash thoroughly with soap and water.
There might be people selling fake fertilizer in the name of organic fertilizer, so check carefully when buying fertilizer.
If you don't know how to make compost fertilizer and do it haphazardly, the quality of the fertilizer can be ruined, so get training.
Excessive use of urea fertilizer can have a negative impact on the environment, so use it in a balanced way.
If you don't check the soil's acidity when using DAP fertilizer, it might not benefit the crop, so make soil testing mandatory.
Using potash fertilizer in the wrong way can accumulate poison in the soil and reduce crop production, so pay attention.
If you put bio fertilizer in the sun, the microorganisms in it will die and it won't be effective, so keep it in the shade.
If you submit false information to get a fertilizer subsidy, the subsidy may be canceled, so submit only correct information.
If you use fertilizer without understanding the soil condition when planting crops, the crops can be damaged, so use fertilizer only after testing the soil.
The idea that using more fertilizer will increase production is wrong, it harms the soil in the long run.
The use of chemical fertilizers can kill beneficial organisms in the soil, which reduces the soil's fertility.
If you use organic fertilizer without properly composting it, weed problems can increase, so use it only after composting it well.
When using urea fertilizer, do not use it in places where water accumulates, it can rot the roots.
If you mix DAP fertilizer with other fertilizers, there may be a chemical reaction, so consult an expert before mixing.
When using potash fertilizer, pay attention to the soil temperature, using it in very hot weather can affect the plant.
When using bio fertilizer, do not mix it with other chemical pesticides, its effectiveness will be reduced.
If you submit wrong documents for fertilizer subsidy, you might be banned from getting subsidy in the future, be careful.
If you don't know the right amount of fertilizer to use when planting, consult with an agriculture technician, otherwise the crop might get ruined.
Using too much fertilizer won't increase production but can make the soil barren, be aware.
Using chemical fertilizer can increase pollution in the environment, encourage using organic fertilizer instead.
When using organic fertilizer, it should be well rotten, un-rotten fertilizer can cause disease in the crop.
When using urea fertilizer, the soil should be moist, it might not work well if used in dry soil.
When using DAP fertilizer, put it near the roots, if you put it far away, the plant can't absorb it well.
When using potash fertilizer, pay attention to the soil's pH level, it might have less effect in soil with high pH.
When using bio fertilizer, don't put it directly in the sun, the bacteria in it will die.
When applying for fertilizer subsidy, fill out all the information correctly, the application might get cancelled if you give wrong information.
Fertilizer might not be available when it's time to plant, so manage the fertilizer ahead of time.
Using too much fertilizer can disrupt the soil's natural balance, only use fertilizer after testing the soil.
Using chemical fertilizer reduces the soil's fertility and has a long-term impact on production.
When using compost fertilizer, it might have weed seeds mixed in, only use it after sorting it well.
Using urea fertilizer can increase acidity in the soil, only use it after getting the soil's pH level checked.
I understood that using chemical fertilizer increases production immediately but reduces the soil's fertility in the long run.
Planting rice was delayed this year because of the shortage of urea fertilizer.
We can reduce the dependence on chemical fertilizer if we can increase the use of organic fertilizer.
To make compost fertilizer, livestock manure and agricultural waste should be managed properly.
Because the price of DAP fertilizer has increased, I'm thinking of using less of it this year.
I heard using potash fertilizer increases potato production, I'll try it this year.
Using biofertilizers increases the number of microorganisms in the soil and reduces the need for fertilizer.
It would be good if the fertilizer subsidy provided by the government reached the real farmers.
Many farmers have ruined their crops because they don't know the right time to use fertilizer.
Using too much fertilizer in the field increases the acidity of the soil and reduces production.
When planting corn in the pre-monsoon, DAP fertilizer should be applied.
After harvesting rice in the post-monsoon, I use urea fertilizer when planting wheat.
Compost fertilizer is almost mandatory when growing vegetables in winter.
Potash fertilizer is needed for potato cultivation in the Rabi season.
It is beneficial for the soil if organic fertilizer can be used instead of chemical fertilizer.
I didn't feel like farming this year due to the lack of fertilizer and seeds.
Compost fertilizer is very useful for the nutrients needed by the crop.
The government should take strict action against those who black market urea fertilizer.
Rice production decreased due to not getting DAP fertilizer on time.
The use of potash fertilizer increases the water absorption capacity of the soil.
The use of biofertilizers can reduce the use of chemical fertilizers.
What's the use of getting a fertilizer subsidy if you don't get fertilizer on time?
I have suffered a lot of losses because I didn't know the right time to use fertilizer.
Excessive use of fertilizer in the field has a negative impact on the environment.
Fertilizer should be managed when planting rice in the pre-monsoon.
We should use less chemical fertilizer when planting wheat in the post-monsoon season.
Fertilizer is needed for wheat farming in winter.
Fertilizer should be used for mustard farming in the Rabi season.
The use of chemical fertilizers reduces the fertility of the soil.
Proper use of fertilizer helps in food security.
We didn't get the urea fertilizer provided by the government on time.
After taking compost fertilizer making training, I have started making fertilizer in my own field.
The use of DAP fertilizer helps to strengthen the roots.
Potash fertilizer increases the ability to fight against diseases.
I have heard that biofertilizer is very good for the soil.
Fertilizer subsidies provide a lot of relief to small farmers.
Problems arise when there is no knowledge of when to use fertilizer.
Using too much fertilizer spoils the soil.
Fertilizer is needed for maize in the pre-monsoon season.
Fertilizer is needed for wheat in the post-monsoon season.
Potash fertilizer is needed for potatoes in winter.
Fertilizer is needed for lentils in the Rabi season.
Excessive use of chemical fertilizers damages the soil structure.
The soil can be kept healthy by using organic fertilizer.
The use of urea fertilizer improves plant growth.
Using DAP fertilizer correctly increases production.
Potash fertilizer protects crops from diseases.
Using biofertilizers helps protect the environment.
The fertilizer subsidy distribution system needs to be organized.
You should get training to know the right way to use fertilizer.
In hilly areas, maximize the use of local resources to make compost fertilizer.
Farmers should increase soil fertility by using organic fertilizer.
Pests in crops can be controlled by using natural pesticides.
Run consumer awareness programs and explain the importance of organic products.
You guys should definitely get the soil tested when planting seeds.
Increase the use of locally available irrigation equipment for irrigation in the fields.
Give priority to earthworm fertilizer when making compost, it makes the soil fertile.
Prepare the necessary documents for organic farming certification.
The demand for organic products is increasing in the market, so increase production.
Balance the soil biology by using organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
Using neem leaves and cow urine is effective for making natural pesticides.
Take the help of cooperative organizations for marketing organic products.
Contact farmers who are interested in taking training to learn how to make compost fertilizer.
Choose improved varieties of seeds according to the local climate when selecting seeds.
It is necessary for farmers to get the organic products produced in their fields certified.
Coordinate with local government and run programs to promote organic farming.
Increase the use of compost fertilizer to keep the soil healthy.
Make and use natural pesticides instead of chemical pesticides.
Run informative programs about the benefits of organic products to increase consumer awareness.
Consider the soil condition and use fertilizer when planting seeds in the field.
Organize training to teach farmers how to use irrigation equipment.
Pay attention to using the correct ratio of ingredients when making organic fertilizer.
The government provides subsidies for the cost of organic product certification.
The price of organic products in the market is slightly higher compared to other products.
Emphasize organic farming to protect the microorganisms in the soil.
Use natural pesticides to control crop diseases and pests.
Run consumer awareness campaigns to provide information about organic products.
Encourage farmers to increase the use of compost fertilizer during the Kharif season.
Get the soil tested before using fertilizer in the planting season.
Encourage farmers to reduce the use of chemical fertilizers and use organic fertilizers.
Farmers can benefit from market premiums by doing organic farming.
Manage the materials needed to make compost fertilizer.
Contact the agriculture office for organic product certification.
Teach farmers how to make organic fertilizer.
Make the use of compost fertilizer mandatory to increase soil fertility.
Using natural pesticides doesn't negatively affect the environment.
In consumer awareness programs, give information about the importance of organic products.
When planting seeds, get information about the elements needed in the soil.
To manage water for irrigation, encourage the construction of ponds.
Using organic fertilizer promotes biological activity in the soil.
After certifying organic products, they can be easily sold in the market.
Promote organic products to increase their demand in the market.
Organic farming improves soil health in the long term.
Discourage the use of chemical pesticides by using natural pesticides.
Train farmers on how to make compost fertilizer.
When choosing seeds, prioritize local varieties.
Take initiative to simplify the organic product certification process.
Increase access to organic products in the market.
Increase the use of organic fertilizer to improve soil biology.
Provide grants to encourage the use of natural pesticides.
There's very little space to store animal feed, how to work with that?
There is no proper arrangement to store the necessary materials for fish farming in this warehouse.
It was a problem not getting the government grant for goat farming on time.
The cow insurance papers are lost, what to do now?
The problem of many diseases in chicken farming is frustrating.
It was a problem not being near a cold place for sheep farming.
There's a complaint that the state didn't properly support yak farmers.
There was a lot of loss because there was no training for pig farming.
It's hard to get the modern equipment needed for beekeeping.
It's difficult to do fish farming because the fields are fragmented.
The agriculture officer said, "Production decreased due to lack of irrigation equipment.
The warehouse smells bad because the fertilizer isn't managed properly.
There are complaints that pesticide use is negatively affecting the environment.
There are reports that the use of growth hormones has affected animal health.
Due to lack of water in the Rabi season, grass could not be produced for the animals.
In the Kharif season, floods caused great damage to livestock.
There is a lack of warm places to keep animals warm in winter.
The outbreak of animal diseases is increasing in the post-monsoon season.
The agriculture officer said, "Farmers don't have the knowledge to take proper care of cattle.
Production has decreased in buffalo farming due to the lack of improved breeds.
The agriculture officer said, "Livestock business could not flourish because the fields are fragmented.
There is no proper arrangement for storing medicine for animals in storage.
Farmers are suffering because there is no factory to process sheep wool.
It is difficult to get the medicine needed for goats on time.
It's also very difficult to get chicken chicks, where should we even ask?
It's hard to find wood to make beehives, what to do?
It's hard to raise pigs because the feed is expensive.
We have to go far away to get fish fry.
There's a problem because there's no market to sell yak milk.
There's no one at the storage to give information about livestock insurance plans.
The agriculture officer said, "No one is interested in renewing their livestock insurance even when the term is about to expire.
When the crops are destroyed, there is a shortage of grass to feed the livestock.
Many people didn't agree to get livestock insurance because the process of opening an account is complicated.
I don't have money to buy pesticides to control insects, what should I do?
The agriculture officer said, "Farmers are lazy to fill out the forms for livestock insurance.
The bank asks for a lot of paperwork to get a loan for livestock.
It's difficult to insure livestock, it needs to be made easier.
There is no equipment to test livestock at the storage.
The agriculture officer said, "There is not enough budget to provide training for animal husbandry.
Farmers are frustrated because they are not getting a fair price for their livestock.
The agriculture officer said, "It has not been possible to manage the water needed for livestock.
There is a lack of electricity needed for livestock.
The agriculture officer said, "Farmers are afraid to use new technology for animal husbandry.
There is a problem because there is no money to buy medicine needed for livestock.
The agriculture officer said, "It has not been possible to attract young people to animal husbandry.
Farmers don't have the technical knowledge needed for livestock.
The agriculture officer said, "There's a lack of modern storage for animal husbandry.
The storage doesn't have all the services needed for livestock in one place.
The flood caused a lot of damage, if we don't get the government grant on time, there will be problems.
If we take a loan from the cooperative and can't pay the interest, we might end up homeless!
If we don't get fertilizer on time this Rabi season, the crops don't look like they'll grow well.
If I can't pay the loan I took from the Agriculture Bank, I'm afraid my land will be auctioned off.
If I don't get the crop insurance claim on time, how will I run the house?
Getting the seed grant that the government promised is a lot of hassle, I don't know if I'll get it.
If you take a loan from microfinance and do business, the high interest rates can drown you.
This year there was no rain and there was a drought, the crops didn't grow well, how will I pay the installments!
I don't know if the government's announced agricultural loan waiver is just a rumor or if it's real.
If most farmers don't pay the cooperative loan on time, there is a risk that the cooperative itself will collapse.
When using pesticides, I'm afraid the effects of the poison will kill me!
If I don't pay back the loan given at a subsidized rate by the Agricultural Development Bank on time, I'm afraid my name will be blacklisted.
The program brought by the government to encourage youth in agriculture, I'm afraid it will be limited to paper!
This year the paddy crop got disease, I have applied for insurance, I don't know if it will pass.
The wind blew down the corn crop, now I'm worried about how to pay the cooperative loan.
When going to get the pesticide subsidy, I'm afraid the sun will burn my skin while standing in line!
This year the potato seeds weren't good, the production decreased and it will be difficult to pay off the loan.
If the rice doesn't sell at the support price set by the government, how will we manage household expenses?
This year, due to the lack of chemical fertilizer, the production will decrease, how will we feed the family?
I wonder if using improved seeds will harm the soil!
This year, due to the late rain, the rice planting was delayed, there is a fear of reduced production.
I wonder if we have to bribe to get the government subsidy on agricultural tools!
I wonder if we won't get the relief from the government on time when the crops are destroyed by natural disasters!
The power tiller bought with a loan from the cooperative broke down, now how to repay the loan?
I wonder if the middlemen will eat the subsidy amount that the government is supposed to give to the farmers!
I can't sleep all night fearing that the land will be auctioned if I can't repay the agricultural loan taken from the bank.
This year dengue is troubling us, who will cut the rice, it is difficult to find people to work.
The interest rate is very high in the cooperative, I wonder if I won't be able to repay the loan!
I wonder if many farmers will not be able to participate in the agricultural insurance scheme due to the cumbersome process!
I wonder if the farmer pension scheme announced by the government will only be a false promise!
I am tired of looking for loans to cultivate again in the field swept away by the flood, what to do now!
Will the government take action against those who sell chemical fertilizers in black market this year or not?
I wonder if it will take a long time to get the soil tested by going to the agriculture office!
This year, the rice has stem borer disease, it did not get cured even after spraying medicine, what to do now!
Banks are reluctant to give agricultural loans, now how to farm?
I wonder if the subsidy given by the government in agriculture will be wasted due to not being used properly!
Microfinance institutions give loans at high interest rates, I wonder if our family will be ruined if we can't repay!
This year winter crops got so damaged, how to survive now?
To get the relief fund that government said they'd give to farmers, do we have to suck up to the leaders?
Agri technicians don't come to villages to train farmers, how to learn new technology now?
This year the corn dried up because it didn't rain, I'm worried about what to eat now.
If the seeds from the government subsidy don't sprout well, I'm scared it'll be a waste.
If the cooperative doesn't give loans on time, the planting season might just pass by!
This year I'm worried that the rice production will decrease because of the lack of chemical fertilizer.
To fill out the agriculture subsidy form that the government gives, do we have to bribe someone?
Banks give loans by mortgaging land, I'm scared we'll be homeless if we can't pay.
This year the vegetable crops dried up because of the extreme heat, what will we eat now!
To get the relief that the government said they'd give to farmers, do we have to run around a lot?
The agriculture insurance company doesn't give compensation on time when crops are damaged, how to trust them?
I had put money in the cooperative, what if the cooperative goes bankrupt, what to do now!
After the monsoon starts, how much landslide risk is there around the greenhouse, how to find out?
How to protect the greenhouse from the risk of flooding when it rains a lot in the Kharif season?
Based on the weather forecast, what preparations should be made to protect the greenhouse?
The greenhouse plants have started to dry up due to the drought, what to do now?
What kind of technology can be used in the greenhouse for climate adaptation?
What should be done to protect greenhouse plants from frost in the winter season?
Hail damaged the greenhouse structure, how to repair it now?
Since there's a high chance of flooding, how do we move the greenhouse plants to a safe place?
What kind of early warning system should there be for a greenhouse?
They say there's a high chance of heavy rain this monsoon, how to do farming now?
How to manage water in the greenhouse during a drought?
What kind of protective measures can be taken in the greenhouse to protect from hail?
What kind of management should be done inside the greenhouse to protect plants from frost?
Can the greenhouse be moved to a higher place to reduce the risk of flooding?
What's an easy way for farmers to get weather forecast information?
What can be done in the greenhouse to reduce the impact of climate change on agriculture?
What should be done to prevent water from accumulating in the greenhouse during the rainy season?
Is it possible to plant plants in the greenhouse that give good yield even in drought?
How to protect the greenhouse when hail is coming?
There is a high chance of heavy frost this year, how to save the greenhouse plants?
Is it possible to get insurance to protect the greenhouse from floods and landslides?
Insect infestations increase in the greenhouse during the monsoon, how to control it?
How to use fertilizer in the greenhouse during a drought?
What should be done to get immediate relief after hail damage?
How effective is the use of plastic in the greenhouse to protect against frost?
How to prepare to move things from the greenhouse before a flood?
How to get weather forecast information on mobile?
Can we get a loan to use new technology in the greenhouse to avoid the effects of climate change?
How to keep the greenhouse environment healthy during the rainy season?
Can we arrange drip irrigation in the greenhouse during a drought?
Where to inform immediately if hail damages the greenhouse poles?
How to balance the temperature in the greenhouse to protect from the cold?
What kind of compensation do we get if the greenhouse is flooded?
What kind of fertilizer should be used in the greenhouse during the monsoon?
What kind of support does the government provide to farmers affected by drought?
How beneficial is it to install netting in the greenhouse to protect from hail?
Is it safe to light a fire in the greenhouse to protect from the cold?
How to keep the greenhouse electricity safe during floods?
How beneficial is it to farm based on weather forecasts?
Where can I get training to build a greenhouse for climate adaptation?
There is news of excessive rainfall this monsoon, how to protect the greenhouse?
What are the benefits of using compost fertilizer in the greenhouse during a drought?
If there is a possibility of hail, should any special precautions be taken in the greenhouse?
What effect does covering the greenhouse with plastic have to protect it from the cold?
How to clean the soil in the greenhouse after a flood?
What should be done to prevent water from accumulating around the greenhouse during the monsoon?
Where to send the photo of the greenhouse damaged by hail?
Which chemical can be used in the greenhouse to protect from the cold?
What should be done to move the greenhouse to a safer place to avoid the risk of floods and landslides?
Looks like we need to increase the use of compost fertilizer for winter crops this year, should make a plan after looking at the info on the mobile app.
Need to go and find out when the drone spraying training is at the agriculture office, many people are interested.
There is a possibility of storms in the pre-monsoon, should protect the crops by getting information from the weather app.
Farmers should be encouraged to increase production by using improved seeds.
Looks like the demand for power tillers will increase a lot this year during the rice harvest season.
The agriculture office should organize training to teach farmers how to use the weather app.
The government is giving subsidies for solar pumps, should we fill out the form?
It would be good if there was a system to suggest fertilizer use after looking at the soil test report on the mobile app.
It's difficult to get a tractor for rent these days, need to book in time.
It would be easier for farmers if the agriculture office organized a field visit to learn about greenhouse technology.
There is a possibility of heavy rain this monsoon, farmers should be urged to be vigilant.
The agriculture office should encourage farmers for precision farming.
After getting the soil test report from the mobile app, we know how much fertilizer to put.
It has become very easy to plow the field with the use of power tillers, saving time and labor.
Since the drone spraying service started, it has become easier for farmers to spray pesticides.
The process of government subsidy for tractors is complicated, it should be simplified.
Greenhouse technology has helped a lot in producing off-season vegetables.
It has become easier to irrigate with the use of solar pumps, and diesel costs have also been saved.
It's really helpful to plant crops based on the weather app info.
Agri experts should go to villages to teach farmers about precision farming.
It would be easy for many if we could apply for agri loans from a mobile app.
This year compost fertilizer price went up, farmers are having problems.
Many farmers are still using oxen because they don't have money to buy a power tiller.
If the government gave subsidies for drone spraying, it would be a relief for farmers.
There are very few people in the village who know how to drive a tractor, training should be arranged.
The government should provide cheap loans for greenhouse technology.
The agriculture office should provide technical assistance to install solar pumps.
The information on the weather app may not always be correct, farmers should be careful.
Precision farming technology is expensive, so it's not accessible to all farmers.
It would be helpful for farmers if there was information about crop insurance on the mobile app.
Wheat production is likely to decrease this year due to lack of winter rain.
You need to know how to mix the amount of pesticide when drone spraying, otherwise it can affect the crop.
The government should make tractor parts available cheaply.
The government should reward farmers who grow vegetables using greenhouse technology.
It is not easy to repair solar pumps, technicians should be made available in the villages.
Sometimes it's the exact opposite of what the weather app says.
You have to do soil testing for precision farming, but many farmers don't know about it.
The mobile app should have information about new agricultural technologies.
Even though using a power tiller saves a lot of time, its maintenance is expensive.
After the government gives training for drone spraying, they should arrange for licenses.
To get a loan for a tractor, the bank asks for a lot of paperwork, the process should be easier.
The government should encourage people working in greenhouse technology.
It's hard to get the government subsidy for solar pumps on time.
The weather app should have information about when to plant crops.
The government should provide financial support to farmers for precision farming.
The government should put contact numbers of agricultural experts on the mobile app.
You should pay attention to safety when using a power tiller.
When using drone spraying, you should use pesticides that don't harm the environment.
Tractor rentals are very expensive, the government should control it.
The materials needed for greenhouse technology should be easily available.
It seems like the monsoon will start late this year, how should we prepare for vegetable storage?
Because the risk of floods and landslides has increased, we need to check if the road to the cold store is safe.
We should decide whether or not to store potatoes only after looking at the weather forecast.
Hail can damage vegetables, so it's good to cover them with plastic.
Due to the drought, production will be low this year, it seems like there will be space in the cold store.
If there is a lot of frost this winter, there is a fear of potatoes spoiling.
Due to climate change, we will have to face different weather every year from now on.
If we had received information on time, we could have saved some vegetables from this year's flood.
Didn't get to plant rice this time because it didn't rain on time, what are we gonna eat now?
Has the government brought any agriculture insurance plan, would we get some relief for the damage from hail?
Scared to transport vegetables for storage because the risk of avalanches has increased.
It would be so good if we could make a mobile app to give weather information to farmers.
Potato production wasn't good this year, how will I pay off the loan now?
According to the weather report, there's a chance of less rain this year, what arrangements should we make for irrigation?
Is there a subsidy for storing vegetables in cold storage?
It's very important to get weather forecast information to the farmers.
There's a high chance of a lot of rain this monsoon, we should store the grain in a safe place.
Couldn't harvest the crop on time and the hail destroyed everything, how to make a living now?
The wind blew down the pole and the electricity is out, it's hard to run the cold store.
The field is dry because it didn't rain, what's the point of plowing with a power tiller now?
Has the government brought any plans for irrigation?
There's news of a lot of rain this year, the storage arrangement needs to be strengthened.
If we had gotten the weather information on time, we could have saved the potatoes.
There's a high risk of landslides in this place, so we need to find a safe place for storage.
If it rains during rice harvesting, there will be a lot of damage, we need to know the weather update.
It would be easier for farmers if we could run a radio program for weather forecasting.
Many farmers' yields have decreased this year due to the drought, what are we gonna eat now?
Has the government brought any programs for climate adaptation in agriculture?
This year hail ate all the onion seedlings, what should I plant now?
If the agriculture office gave weather info on time, it would have been a big relief.
If it rains a lot this monsoon, it will be hard to store potatoes.
Production decreased because we didn't get fertilizer on time, how to pay for the cold store rent now?
This year's flood washed away many fields, how to make a living now?
It would have been easier if the government subsidized agricultural tools for farmers.
If there's a lot of frost this year, there's a fear of potato seeds getting ruined.
Because of the effects of climate change, it's going to be very difficult to farm now.
This year, rice production decreased by half because it didn't rain on time.
How good would it be if we could get weather info on our mobiles via SMS?
Is there any way to protect crops from hail?
This year, due to the drought, even livestock are facing a water shortage.
During the monsoon season, landslides block the road, making it difficult to get vegetables to the market.
It would have been a relief to many farmers if the government provided solar pumps for irrigation.
There was a lot of hail this year, now I have to claim insurance.
This year, corn production has also decreased because it didn't rain on time.
What documents are needed for farmers to get an agriculture loan?
This year the flood damaged the road to the cold store, how to transport goods now?
It would be good if the agriculture office had a help desk to get weather information.
There was a lot of drought this year, will the government provide some relief?
Because of climate change, we have to farm in new ways now.
The government has a plan to give some subsidies for fertilizer for this year's winter crops, did you guys fill out the form?
The flood caused a lot of damage, did you collect the necessary documents to claim the insurance?
Take a loan from the cooperative credit and plant improved seeds this time, you'll get good production.
The Agricultural Bank is giving crop loans at low interest rates for farmers, contact them once.
This time the government has given subsidies on irrigation equipment too, will you fill out the form?
If you have applied for a crop loan, we will inform you immediately after it is approved.
There are some problems in the distribution of government subsidized fertilizer, we are trying to fix it.
Now you can fill out the form for crop insurance online too, it's easy from your mobile.
This year, Agricultural Development Bank has also provided microfinance facilities to small farmers.
If you had insured on time, you wouldn't have this problem today, don't forget next year.
Be careful when using pesticides to control pests, we have also provided training.
Apply for compensation according to the standards set by the government.
If you want to take a loan from the cooperative, you have to mortgage your land.
Due to heavy rains this monsoon season, rice production has decreased, now wheat should be good.
There is some problem with the form you submitted for the crop loan, come to the office and check it out.
The government subsidy amount will come directly to your account, so don't worry.
This year the government has also given some percentage subsidy on potato seeds, go and get it.
If the crops start to dry up due to lack of timely rain, arrange for irrigation immediately, we will help.
To get crop insurance money, you need to bring a recommendation from the ward office.
This time, go to the cooperative and register for wheat seeds, you'll get a subsidy.
The government has brought various plans for the development of the agriculture sector, you guys should get information.
To get a loan from the Agriculture Bank, you need your land certificate and citizenship.
Pay back the loan taken from microfinance on time, otherwise you'll have to pay more interest.
This year, use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer, it's good for the soil and the government also gives subsidies.
The government has talked about giving some relief for the fields washed away by the flood, let's see what happens.
The interest rate on crop loans is very low, you guys can easily pay it back.
This year, the government is giving special grants to farmers who grow vegetables in the winter season.
If you haven't done crop insurance, make it mandatory from now on.
Take a loan from the cooperative credit and farm using new technology, production will increase.
Make good use of the subsidy given by the government, don't waste it.
The Agriculture Bank also provides training to farmers, you guys should participate.
The government has given a subsidy to plant fruit plants this spring, go and get it.
When filling out the insurance claim form, fill in all the details correctly, otherwise there may be problems.
Collect the necessary documents for the crop loan and submit them immediately.
Where can we get the subsidized fertilizer provided by the government, please give information.
What is the interest rate of cooperative credit, please go and ask.
If you don't make good use of the loan given by the Agriculture Bank, there will be action, be careful.
This time the government has given a lot of subsidies on paddy seeds, you guys should take advantage.
Microfinance has helped the women of the village a lot, thank you.
Anyone know when the crop insurance money will come?
Those who do black market of the fertilizer subsidized by the government will be punished.
What kind of land is needed to get a crop loan?
Where can we get the tank for irrigation that the government is providing?
This time, the government is going to encourage farmers who use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
I'm thinking of starting a poultry farm with the loan provided by the Agricultural Bank.
Since paddy production has decreased this monsoon season, the government is going to provide some relief to the farmers.
Many farmers are in trouble because they can't repay the loan taken from the cooperative credit.
How many days does it take to get crop insurance money?
I have started goat farming with the loan provided by microfinance.
All farmers should get the fertilizer subsidized by the government.
To avoid the risk of landslides in the monsoon, adopt bio-engineering technology on the edges of the field.
Take training on how to manage water for irrigation in drought-affected areas.
Arrange to put nets in the fields to protect crops from hail.
Cover potatoes with ash and straw to protect them from cold waves.
Store grain in a safe place, considering the possibility of flooding.
Coordinate to move families at risk of landslides to a safe place.
Make a plan to use fertilizer in the field only after getting information about the weather forecast.
Help establish a local seed bank for climate change adaptation.
The municipality has planned to build embankments to reduce the risk of flooding, participate in it.
Before the monsoon starts, make the field borders strong.
Give farmers information about how to use water wisely during droughts.
To protect crops during hail season, put plastic roofing in the field.
To avoid cold waves, keep livestock in a warm place.
To avoid flood risk, don't build houses near the river.
Take initiative to rebuild houses damaged by landslides.
Register your name to receive weather forecast information via SMS on your mobile.
Adopt new technologies to reduce the impact of climate change on agriculture.
Arrange immediate relief distribution in flood-affected areas.
Plant rice in places where water accumulates during the monsoon.
Use drip irrigation to avoid drought.
Participate in insurance schemes to protect crops from hail.
Arrange for bonfires to avoid cold waves.
Go to a safe place before the flood comes.
Take initiative to relocate settlements at risk of landslides.
Train farmers on how to use weather forecast information.
Make a collective effort to solve the problems caused by climate change.
Distribute seeds to farmers affected by floods and landslides.
Arrange drainage to prevent water from accumulating in the field during the monsoon.
Plant crops that consume less water during droughts.
Collect details of crops damaged by hail and take initiative for relief.
Take special care of the elderly and children to avoid cold waves.
Inform the concerned authorities to repair the road damaged by the flood.
Protect the land to avoid the risk of landslides.
Make farming plans based on weather forecast information.
Plant trees to reduce the impact of climate change.
Arrange temporary housing for those displaced by the floods.
Plant trees on sloping land to avoid landslides during the monsoon.
Build ponds to collect rainwater to avoid drought.
Coordinate with the local government to protect crops from hail.
Keep the sheds warm to protect livestock from cold waves.
Test the soil to re-cultivate the fields swept away by the flood.
Send a rescue team to the landslide site immediately.
Publicize weather forecast information in the villages.
Raise public awareness about climate change.
Provide drinking water to those affected by the floods.
Make an emergency plan to avoid damage from landslides during the monsoon.
Inform the farmers affected by the drought about the relief provided by the government.
Make a collective effort to minimize the damage caused by hail.
Distribute warm clothes to avoid cold waves.
Make a disaster management committee at the local level to reduce the risk of floods and landslides.
This year after the earthquake, viral diseases wiped out the crops, what to do!
Even after using pesticides to control insects in the field, nothing happened, they only increased.
What's the use of being a vet, there's no time to come and check the fields.
This year, it rained so much during the monsoon season that it was impossible to control weeds.
I took integrated pest management training, but it's hard to apply in practice.
Too many rats have eaten the roots in the field, what to do now!
In this field, all the plants have started to die due to a bacterial disease.
Fungal diseases have been bothering since the rice was planted, how will there be production!
Production decreased due to lack of necessary irrigation equipment in the field, the government doesn't help at all.
Many farmers have become ill due to lack of information about pesticide safety.
Disease has also appeared in the crops planted in the Rabi season, how to save them now?
If the government took some initiative for biological control, the farmers would get some relief.
This year, rats have caused a lot of trouble, they have ruined the fields.
Even when pesticides are put in the field, there is no sign of the insects dying, rather they have become stronger.
Even when agricultural experts were called after the crops got sick, there was not much help.
This time, fungal disease wiped out the potatoes, how to feed the family?
The herbicide wiped out the crops, what to do now?
There was a lot of loss due to not knowing about integrated pest management.
Even when using organic pesticides, the insects didn't die, what to do!
Using pesticides without safety measures caused a lot of problems.
Using too much pesticide ruined the soil, what to do now?
This year, a viral disease spread so much in the field that the production was less than half.
It's so hard to get the grant the government gives for pest control!
I had to take a loan to buy pesticides to kill the bugs in the field.
This year, the rat problem decreased rice production, how to feed the family?
The use of pesticides has had a negative impact on the environment, how to improve it now?
No one came to the village to give information about integrated pest management.
I felt hopeless when pest control didn't work even after using organic pesticides.
Even after taking pesticide safety training, I couldn't apply it in practice.
I'm annoyed by too many weeds in the field, how to control it?
Pest outbreaks increased and production decreased in the Rabi season.
The disease in the crop did not heal even after using pesticides.
The government should have helped a bit for pest control.
Rats caused a lot of damage in the field, is there no solution?
When will the integrated pest management training come to the village?
Using pesticides affected my health, what to do now?
This year, fungal disease caused great damage to rice production.
It was very difficult to control weeds in the field, I got so tired.
After being bothered by disease in the Rabi season, I didn't feel like planting crops at all.
Even after using pesticides, the bugs didn't die, I felt so hopeless.
The crops in the field were destroyed by a viral disease, what will we eat now?
The government should take effective steps to control pests.
The rats in the field caused a lot of damage, what to do now?
I had a lot of problems because I didn't know about integrated pest management.
No one taught me that you have to be careful when using pesticides.
This year, the fungal disease caused a lot of loss in corn production.
There is a lack of modern equipment to control weeds in the field.
It was difficult to protect the crops from pests during the Rabi season.
I was very worried when the pests weren't controlled even after using pesticides.
If the government had helped in time to control pests, the farmers would have been relieved.
It is much safer to control pests with organic methods than by using pesticides.
It is better for the soil to remove weeds by hand than to control them with chemical fertilizers.
This year, the outbreak of pests in rice is more than last year.
Using pesticides is more dangerous to life than using biological control.
Seed treatment before planting rice reduces the chance of disease, not doing it increases it.
Using compost fertilizer is more beneficial to the soil than using chemical fertilizer.
Production increases more when using improved seeds than with traditional seeds.
There are more weed problems in the rainy season than in the winter season.
It is easier to kill pests with chemical pesticides than with organic pesticides.
It's easier to get seeds from the seed bank than to buy from the market.
This year's potato blight damage was worse than last year's.
The more the rice stem borer increases, the more the production is feared to decrease.
Integrated pest management is more beneficial than just using pesticides.
Controlling weeds is harder in the rainy season than in the winter.
Chemical fertilizer makes the crop look good immediately, but compost makes it good in the long run.
Seeds from the seed bank are more reliable than seeds from other places.
Even if pesticides seem to kill insects immediately, they have a very negative impact on the environment.
Rice cultivation needs more water than wheat cultivation.
Making compost fertilizer is harder than chemical fertilizer, but it's also more beneficial.
Integrated pest management is more cost-effective than just using pesticides.
Wheat rust is more visible this year than last year.
Using biopesticides is much safer for the environment than using pesticides.
You need to take as much care of the seeds before planting rice as you do after planting.
Improved seeds are slightly more prone to disease than traditional seeds.
Integrated pest management programs are more beneficial than others.
Insect attacks are more common when rice is heading than at other times.
The more production increases with chemical fertilizers, the more the soil fertility decreases.
Pesticide use controls insects immediately, but creates more problems in the long run.
There are more wheat seeds in the seed bank this time than last year.
Of all the diseases that affect rice, brown spot is one of the deadliest.
The less pesticides used in integrated pest management, the more biological methods are used.
Managing water during the monsoon is as important as managing irrigation in the winter.
Pesticides affect the soil more than compost fertilizer does.
Hoeing is more effective for weed control than pesticides.
You can find more improved seeds in seed banks than local seeds.
The more the rice crop is affected by stem borers this year, the more likely the yield will decrease.
You get more benefits from using integrated pest management methods than just using pesticides.
Crops grow faster with chemical fertilizers than with organic fertilizers.
The risk of disease is lower when you treat seeds before planting rice, and higher when you don't.
It's easier to kill insects with pesticides, but harder to protect the environment.
You feel more secure getting seeds from a seed bank than buying them from the market.
In this time after the earthquake, it has become easier to make a living by raising pigs.
In this hilly region, it is much easier to raise buffaloes than cows; you don't have to go far for grass.
This place is perfect for goat farming; there is plenty of grazing land.
You can earn a good income from poultry farming even with a small investment.
After taking beekeeping training, I'm thinking of making it my main profession.
This year, I plan to build a pond for fish farming; I wonder if the government will provide any grants?
I'm thinking of raising sheep, but there's no market to sell the wool.
Yak farming is still practiced in the Himalayas, but this profession is in crisis as young people start going abroad.
It's hard to do animal husbandry because the price of animal feed has increased.
After the rainy season starts, there is fear that animals will get various diseases.
It would have been much easier if the government had given subsidies to farmers for tractors.
It has become very easy to plow the field with the help of a power tiller.
Potato production decreased this year due to lack of fertilizer.
Corn production can be increased by using improved seeds.
I still have to take out a loan to rebuild the shed that was destroyed by the earthquake.
There was a lot of trouble this year because it didn't rain during rice planting season.
Many farmers have been relieved by the livestock insurance scheme.
The insurance period of the animal insurance is about to expire, I have to renew it again.
We still haven't received the relief that the government said it would provide after the crops were destroyed.
I am annoyed because the process of opening an account in the bank is complicated.
Even when using pesticides to control insects, there was no significant effect.
Veterinarians have suggested vaccinating animals regularly.
The government should provide concessional loans to promote the animal husbandry business.
Many farmers were displaced after the earthquake, they need to be resettled.
Climate change has had a negative impact on agricultural production.
Vaccination should be done on time to protect cows from foot-and-mouth disease.
It has become easier to run the household by selling buffalo milk.
I have to pay the children's school fees by selling goat kids.
Selling chicken eggs has helped to cover daily expenses.
I've heard that you can make good money selling honey from bees.
We have to go very far to buy and bring back fish fry.
The demand for clothes made from sheep wool is decreasing.
It takes a lot of effort to make ghee from yak's milk.
The grass needed for animal feed should be cut on time.
This year, the corn seeds didn't sprout because it didn't rain on time.
There should be an easy process to claim insurance if livestock are lost.
The pre-monsoon hailstorm damaged the crops.
Rice farming was not good this Kharif season.
Wheat seeds were not available on time this year.
For cow farming, it is better to raise improved breeds of cows than local breeds.
After the earthquake destroyed the barn, the animals had to be kept in the open.
It would be much easier if new information about animal husbandry was available on mobile.
Due to the lack of fertilizer, potato production was not as expected this year.
There is still a lot left to pay on the loan taken from the bank.
The local agriculture office has provided subsidies for seeds.
It is difficult to get the medicines needed for the animals.
Pig farming can be modernized by using new technology.
It would be good if the government arranged training for animal husbandry.
Couldn't get a good price for animal products in the local market.
We need to plan to reduce the impact of climate change on animal husbandry.
When using fertilizer, prioritize compost fertilizer to increase soil fertility.
Using organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer benefits the soil in the long run.
Reduce the use of urea fertilizer and increase the use of compost fertilizer.
Instead of DAP fertilizer, mix compost fertilizer well into the soil before planting wheat seeds.
Use compost fertilizer regularly to reduce the need for potash fertilizer.
Excessive use of chemical fertilizer damages the soil, so using compost is best.
Putting compost fertilizer in the field before planting rice increases production.
Keep the soil healthy by using compost fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
You can use earthworm fertilizer to make compost fertilizer.
The use of compost fertilizer reduces the need for chemical fertilizers.
Chemical fertilizer can wash away in the rainy season, so using compost fertilizer is safer.
Collect organic materials to make compost fertilizer.
Contact the agriculture office to get fertilizer subsidies.
The use of compost fertilizer provides all the elements needed by the crop.
Get into the habit of using compost fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer in the field.
Compost fertilizer increases the soil's water absorption capacity.
Increase the use of compost fertilizer to reduce the use of chemical fertilizer.
When using compost fertilizer, gradually reduce the amount of chemical fertilizer.
Use compost fertilizer only after soil testing.
Using compost fertilizer for wheat farming is very beneficial.
Contact the agriculture center for compost fertilizer making training.
Compost fertilizer provides the soil with necessary micronutrients.
The cost of chemical fertilizer can be reduced by using compost fertilizer.
Mix different types of organic materials when making compost fertilizer.
The use of compost fertilizer maintains soil fertility for a long time.
Excessive use of chemical fertilizers has a negative impact on the environment, use compost.
Farmers should be encouraged to make compost fertilizer.
Keep the water content balanced in the soil when using compost fertilizer.
The use of compost fertilizer improves the soil structure.
Be sure to use barn manure when making compost fertilizer.
Spread compost fertilizer in the field at the right time.
The use of compost fertilizer reduces the problem of insects in the soil.
Production can be increased by using compost fertilizer.
Take advice from an agricultural expert to learn how to make compost fertilizer.
Using compost fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer has a good effect on health.
Manage the temperature properly when making compost fertilizer.
The use of compost fertilizer improves air circulation in the soil.
The soil can be strengthened by using compost fertilizer.
When making compost fertilizer, mix the right amount of water.
When using compost fertilizer, also mix in other elements needed in the soil.
Using compost fertilizer improves the color of the soil.
When making compost fertilizer, don't mix in plastic items.
When using compost fertilizer, maintain moisture in the soil.
When making compost fertilizer, pay attention to the quality of the materials used.
Using compost fertilizer benefits the bacteria in the soil.
When making compost fertilizer, decompose the slow-rotting items first.
Using compost fertilizer not only makes the soil fertile but also protects the environment.
When making compost fertilizer, make it in a place where water doesn't collect.
Using compost fertilizer can reduce dependence on chemical fertilizers.
The price is always unstable in the local market, so you might not get a good price selling in the wholesale market.
Young farmers, you must be very careful when using pesticides, using them the wrong way can even kill you.
Middlemen always cheat farmers, so try to sell directly as much as possible.
Using chemical fertilizer damages the soil, so it's better to use compost fertilizer.
Climate change can affect crops, so don't forget to participate in crop insurance plans.
When selling goods in the online market, you must take care of the quality, otherwise customers may complain.
There are benefits to working together in cooperative farming, but you have to pay attention to the accounting, otherwise problems may arise later.
If the necessary documents are not complete when exporting, the goods may be stopped at customs, so be careful.
If you don't get good seeds in the potato planting season, production may decrease, so make sure beforehand.
Price in wholesale market keeps going up and down, so be patient and sell at the right time.
When taking loan from co-operative, understand interest and repayment time properly before signing.
If you use new technology without agriculture training, crops can be damaged, so it's important to take training.
When selling directly, you should focus on packaging to attract customers, otherwise it might not sell.
If the payment system is not secure in online market, money can be lost, so use a reliable platform.
When using pesticide, you must take safety measures, otherwise it can seriously affect your health.
If there is no supply according to demand in local market, goods can rot, so you have to forecast the demand.
It is good if young farmers use new technology, but it is important to know about it first.
There is a risk of fire when storing chemical fertilizer in this warehouse, so be careful.
When opening an account in cooperative, read all the rules and conditions carefully, otherwise you may have problems later.
There is a lot of competition in the wholesale market, so be careful when setting the price of your product.
If you put fertilizer in the field without weather forecast, it can be washed away by water, so get weather information.
Giving wrong information in export documents can lead to legal action, so fill in the correct details.
Middlemen can cheat by giving low prices, so find out the market price.
If there is a delay in delivering goods to the wholesale market, the price may decrease, arrange transportation on time.
Customers can be deceived and there can be legal trouble if you give false advertisements in the online market.
If young farmers don't use organic fertilizer, the soil fertility decreases, be careful.
Plastic mulching has a negative effect on the soil, so look for environmentally friendly options.
Goods can be damaged if water enters the warehouse during the rainy season, so manage it well.
If the wrong person is elected in the cooperative election, the organization may sink, so elect a qualified person.
If you give wrong info when filling the form for grant, the grant might get cancelled, give correct info.
When selling goods in the wholesale market, there might be cheating in weight, so check properly.
In online market, there are also people who cheat by becoming fake customers, be careful.
If young farmers do farming without soil testing, the production might not be good, get it tested.
This Rabi season, crops might dry up due to lack of water, so arrange for irrigation.
When buying shares of a cooperative, know the financial condition of the organization well, otherwise it might sink.
If you don't know the customs rules when exporting, you might have to pay a fine, know the rules.
If you give goods on credit in the local market, the money might not be collected, do business in cash.
There is a lot of competition in the online market, so promote your product well.
If young farmers only do traditional farming, the income might be low, adopt new methods.
This sowing season, if the seeds are not good, the production might decrease, so use quality seeds.
If you don't participate in the general meeting of the cooperative, your opinion might not reach important decisions, participate.
When exporting, transportation costs are high, so do business only after calculating the cost.
In the local market, middlemen take a lot of commission, so try to sell directly to the customer.
When setting the price of goods in the online market, don't keep it too expensive than the market price.
When young farmers take agricultural loans, understand the interest rate and installments well.
This pre-monsoon, hailstones can destroy crops, take measures to protect the crops.
If you don't reach the cooperative meeting on time, important discussions might be missed, reach on time.
When exporting, if you send goods without checking the quality, the goods might be returned, check the quality.
If you don't treat customers well when selling goods in the local market, customers might go away, treat them well.
Be careful about your account security in the online market, it might get hacked.
This year, if the monsoon doesn't come on time, I'm worried the seeds in the seed bank will also go to waste.
The cooperative arranged for improved seeds, but the drought made it difficult to plant them.
Farmers have suffered a lot because they didn't get weather forecast information on time.
This time's hailstorm has put the seed bank building itself at risk, it needs to be repaired.
The flood washed away the seeds stored in the seed bank, what to give the farmers now?
The road to the seed bank is blocked due to the risk of landslides, how to deliver the seeds?
The cooperative didn't take any initiative to provide climate adaptation training.
Without winter rain, we're unsure whether to store wheat seeds or not.
Farmers are frustrated because the cooperative didn't provide fertilizer on time.
The seed bank has improved seeds, but the farmers don't even know about it.
It's difficult to run the seed bank because the youth are migrating abroad, it's hard to find people to work.
The cooperative has increased the price of seeds, causing problems for poor farmers.
Due to the lack of storage space in the seed bank, the seeds are in danger of spoiling.
It's difficult to run the seed bank because the government doesn't provide subsidies on time.
The cooperative didn't do any programs to inform farmers about improved seeds.
Farmers are forced to use chemical fertilizers because there is no compost fertilizer available in the seed bank.
There is concern whether the seeds stored in the seed bank will germinate or not due to lack of rain on time.
This year, the demand for seeds in the seed bank has decreased due to the drought, how to run it now?
The crops planted by farmers have been damaged due to incorrect weather forecasts.
The cooperative didn't teach farmers any ways to avoid climate change.
Farmers have to wait in line a long time to store seeds in the seed bank.
The cooperative has problems because it doesn't pay the seed bank employees on time.
The seeds stored in the seed bank are getting infested with bugs and being destroyed, what to do?
Farmers are frustrated because the compensation money the government promised still hasn't come.
There's a fear that the extreme heat this year will affect the quality of the seed bank's seeds.
There's a fear of theft because the cooperative hasn't made any arrangements for the seed bank's security.
Farmers are having to leave their fields barren because they're not getting seeds on time.
There's no one to give farmers information about the seeds stored in the seed bank.
The cooperative didn't provide the tools that farmers need at the seed bank.
It rained a lot this year, the road to the seed bank is ruined.
Even though the seed bank has improved seeds, the farmers don't know how to plant them.
The cooperative didn't arrange training for the employees who work at the seed bank.
Poor farmers can't afford to buy seeds because the price of seeds is too high at the seed bank.
Farmers are suffering because the cooperative isn't giving them the grant money the government promised on time.
Hail destroyed a lot of the seed bank's seeds this year, what to do now?
The demand for seeds at the seed bank decreased because of the drought, it's also become difficult to pay the employees.
Because of climate change, we need to bring new seeds to the seed bank, but there's no money.
The cooperative didn't allocate enough budget for the seed bank, how to run it?
Farmers are complaining about the seeds stored in the seed bank, saying the quality isn't good.
The cooperative didn't manage the seed bank well, it's a mess.
Because the monsoon was late this year, the seed bank plan got messed up.
There's not enough space in the seed bank, so the seeds might get ruined.
The cooperative didn't pay the seed bank workers fairly.
Even though the seed bank has improved seeds, the farmers don't trust them.
The cooperative didn't do any promotion for the seed bank, how are people supposed to know?
It snowed a lot this year, so it was hard to get to the seed bank.
The cooperative didn't treat the farmers who came to buy seeds from the seed bank well.
Because of climate change, the seed bank's work is becoming even more challenging.
The cooperative didn't provide the necessary equipment for the seed bank.
There was no one at the seed bank to give farmers information about the seeds, so there was a problem.
When the earthquake hit, there were a lot of problems because the cooperative didn't do marketing, no one cared.
They distributed fertilizer and seeds, but it's hard to get a good price when you take them to sell in the local market.
What's the point of coming to the seed bank, I'm afraid the produce will rot in the field because of the hassle of making export documents.
It's not raining during this pre-monsoon season, how will the seeds sprout, and I don't have irrigation equipment.
The middlemen always cheat us, when will there be an environment to sell directly?
How great it would be if there was an online market targeting women farmers!
It's hard to manage household expenses with the current price fluctuations, is there no solution?
I heard a lot about growth hormones, but it's hard to find them here.
The vegetable farming wasn't good this winter, there was no demand in the local market.
Nobody buys at the price the cooperative says, it's hard to even pay the transport fare to take it to the wholesale market.
The government said they'd give subsidies for seeds, but I haven't gotten anything yet.
Because there's no irrigation, the crops dry up every year, who should I tell?
I'm worried about how to pay back the loan since the goods didn't sell in the local market.
This time the harvest got a disease and I lost a lot, will the seed bank help at all?
Farmers always suffer because of the price fluctuations, there should be a solution for this.
I tried to get a loan in the name of a woman farmer, but the process is too complicated.
The middlemen buy cheap and sell expensive, we always only have losses.
The cooperative said they'd give a good price, but they buy for less than the market price.
I don't know how to sell goods online, who will teach me?
It takes a lot of time to make the documents needed for export, how to work like this?
This year the production decreased because of the lack of fertilizer, how to sell in the local market?
It was very difficult when it didn't rain during planting season, when will this obligation to depend on the sky for farming end?
It's a problem to deliver goods because the wholesale market is far, it would be great if there was a system in the village itself.
It's hard to manage household expenses when the price fluctuates, there's no question of saving.
Even when using improved seeds, the production didn't increase, what to do?
I needed training about cooperative marketing, but who will give it?
You need to know how to use a mobile to sell goods online, I don't know anything.
It's hard to get information about the goods that need to be exported, where should I ask?
This year the production decreased because I didn't get fertilizer on time, what will we eat to survive?
Middlemen cheat us by buying at low prices, it would be good if there was a system to buy directly from farmers.
Cooperatives don't pay on time for the goods they buy, how to trust them?
I heard we need to open an account to sell goods in the online market, but I don't know anything about it.
The form needed to export is difficult to fill, who will help?
This year the production was low because the seed quality wasn't good, who do I tell?
It costs a lot on the way to the wholesale market, it would be good if there was a market in the village itself.
I'm tired of the price drops, now it feels like I should quit this farming.
The soil is ruined by the use of chemical fertilizers, it's hard to find organic fertilizer.
The cooperative didn't provide the service they promised, they only gave assurances.
There is no internet access to sell goods in the online market, how to work?
Where should I do the tests needed for exporting?
This year the crops dried up because it didn't rain, how will I repay the loan now?
Middlemen always exploit us, is there no one to speak up?
Being a member of the cooperative didn't benefit me at all, just a member in name only.
I heard we need to take photos to sell goods in the online market, but I don't even know how to use a camera.
I needed training to export, where can I find it?
This year there was a lot of loss because it didn't rain during the seed planting season.
There is a fear of goods getting lost when taking them to the wholesale market, who to trust?
Price fluctuations cause mental stress, what to do?
I heard using growth hormones affects health, but there is no other option.
The cooperative always ignores us, they don't do anything for women farmers.
Using green manure is effective for increasing soil fertility in the greenhouse.
We can find out what's lacking in the soil by doing a soil test.
Mulching is important to prevent soil erosion caused by heavy rain.
We can keep the soil health balanced by using crop rotation.
Using green manure reduces the need for chemical fertilizers.
The main reason for decreased land productivity is the decline in soil quality.
Using compost fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer is good for soil health.
Mulching protects soil moisture and also controls weeds.
We can prepare the soil for the next season by planting green manure in the winter.
Continuously planting the same crop decreases soil fertility, so crop rotation is necessary.
Soil erosion has a negative impact on agricultural production.
Plowing the field with a power tiller can damage the soil structure.
The soil test report provides information on which crop is suitable to plant.
We provide the necessary seeds for green manure.
The use of chemical fertilizers affects the soil's biodiversity.
We can improve the physical, chemical, and biological properties of the soil by using organic fertilizer.
If soil health deteriorates, production decreases and challenges to food security increase.
We provide training for farmers to teach them how to make compost fertilizer.
Planting trees is also a good way to prevent soil erosion.
We encourage farmers to do soil testing.
Green manure adds essential nutrients to the soil.
Crop rotation reduces the incidence of diseases and pests in the soil.
Mulching keeps the soil temperature balanced.
Fragmentation of land also creates problems in soil management.
Farmers should be encouraged to use organic fertilizers to reduce the use of chemical fertilizers.
The amount of organic matter in the soil should be increased.
We provide free soil testing services to farmers.
Using compost manure increases the water holding capacity of the soil.
Soil degradation increases the risk of drying up water sources.
Information should be provided on how to take soil samples for soil testing.
Green manure improves soil structure and increases air circulation.
Including legume crops in crop rotation increases the amount of nitrogen in the soil.
Mulching prevents weeds from growing on the soil surface.
Excessive use of chemical fertilizers can make the soil barren.
The use of organic pesticides should be encouraged to increase soil fertility.
It is good to check the soil condition in the post-monsoon season.
Farmers need proper consultation to solve the problems seen in the soil.
Production can be increased if soil management is done well in the greenhouse.
Many farmers do not know the importance of soil testing.
We organize different trainings to improve soil health.
Mulching protects the soil from direct sunlight.
When planning crop rotation, you have to consider the soil's needs.
Farmers are facing poverty because of soil degradation.
Farmers should be encouraged to use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
We've also made a mobile app to give farmers information about soil.
If we can improve soil health, food production will increase.
It's good to plant seeds only after testing the soil.
It is necessary to increase access to wholesale markets to reduce the risk of price volatility in local markets.
Cooperative markets encourage farmers to sell directly by eliminating middlemen, which is not possible in local markets.
Increasing production by using compost fertilizer is much better for the environment than increasing production by using chemical fertilizer.
It is expected that online markets will be easier for farmers as they reduce the hassle of export documents, but this process is complex in local markets.
The role of wholesale markets is important to control price fluctuations in local markets during the rainy season.
The use of pesticides helps to control pests immediately, but in the long run, the use of compost fertilizer is beneficial for the soil.
Direct sales provide fresh produce to consumers, but prices may increase in local markets due to middlemen.
Farmers are more likely to get a fair price for their produce in cooperative markets compared to local markets.
Due to lack of access to online markets, many farmers are forced to rely on local markets rather than wholesale markets.
Vegetable prices rise in local markets due to water scarcity in the pre-monsoon season, but wholesale markets are not much affected as they have stock.
It seems that cooperative marketing should be encouraged to get demand-based prices in wholesale markets, which is often not the case in local markets.
The process of export documents is more cumbersome for selling goods in online markets than in local markets.
Using compost fertilizer is a more environment-friendly option than chemical fertilizer in the current situation.
Selling directly in the wholesale market is more beneficial for farmers because middlemen have a lot of influence on price setting in the local market.
The development of online markets helps break the monopoly of local markets, but not all farmers are used to it yet.
Farmers are more likely to get a better price for their produce in cooperative markets than in local markets.
The government should bring effective policies to reduce price fluctuations in the wholesale market, which is not so easy in the case of the local market.
Vegetable prices increase in the local market during the Rabi season due to low supply, but sufficient stock in the wholesale market helps control prices.
Although the use of pesticides in the local market immediately saves crops, it reduces soil fertility in the long run; using compost fertilizer is much better.
The concept of cooperative marketing seems to be more effective in the wholesale market compared to the local market.
It is easier to promote your products in the online market than in the local market.
After harvesting paddy in the post-monsoon season, the price of rice decreases in the local market, but it doesn't make much difference in the wholesale market.
There is a compulsion to bring fertilizers from the wholesale market when there is a shortage of fertilizers in the local market.
Middlemen are more likely to cheat farmers in the local market, but this risk is reduced in the wholesale market due to direct contact.
Although it is easier to sell goods in the online market than in the local market, many farmers are not aware of it.
Compared to the local market, there is more encouragement to maintain the quality of your produce in the cooperative market.
Vegetable prices in the local market change a lot according to the season, but prices are somewhat stable in the wholesale market.
Direct sales in the wholesale market should be prioritized over the local market to encourage farmers.
The use of compost fertilizer helps to increase soil fertility compared to chemical fertilizer, which is important for sustainable agriculture.
As access to the online market increases, the importance of the local market is decreasing, but its need still exists in rural areas.
Immediate demand can be met in the local market, but the wholesale market is needed to sell in large quantities.
Cooperative marketing reduces competition in the local market and helps farmers to unite.
Using pesticides increases production in local markets but it has negative effects on human health, but compost fertilizer is a safe option.
Even though the export document process is complicated, you can access international markets through online markets, which isn't possible in local markets.
Farmers can suffer losses due to price fluctuations in the local market, but there is some stability in price determination in the wholesale market.
Using compost fertilizer increases soil fertility and protects the environment, while chemical fertilizer negatively affects the environment.
Farmers can solve their problems collectively in cooperative markets compared to local markets.
It is difficult to deliver goods to the local market due to bad roads during the rainy season, but there are transportation facilities in the wholesale market.
Excessive use of pesticides reduces the quality of production in the local market, but quality can be maintained when using compost fertilizer.
Even though it is easy to sell goods in the online market, a direct relationship with customers can be established in the local market.
Farmers are more likely to receive subsidies from the government in cooperative markets compared to local markets.
The price determination process should be more transparent in the wholesale market than in the local market.
Although production increases immediately when using chemical fertilizer, using compost fertilizer benefits soil health in the long term.
Middlemen unnecessarily increase prices in the local market, but consumers get relief when selling directly in the wholesale market.
More customers can be targeted in the online market compared to the local market, which helps to increase sales.
Farmers have to suffer losses when the price of vegetables decreases in the local market, but they get relief as the price is somewhat stable in the wholesale market.
The use of compost fertilizer helps to increase the demand for production in the local market because consumers look for healthy products. Products that use chemical fertilizers are harmful to health.
Cooperative marketing enables farmers to unite and bargain collectively in the local market, which increases their income.
Even though the export document process is complicated in the online market, it gives farmers access to the international market, which is not possible in the local market.
Cooperative organizations should help farmers get fair prices for agricultural products in the wholesale market rather than in the local market.
I heard the government was increasing investment in agricultural infrastructure this year, but nothing has been seen here so far.
Can I get information about crop insurance at this seed bank?
How useful is the land reform program brought by the government for small farmers?
Can't say there won't be a fertilizer shortage this winter season.
It was late to plant seeds because it didn't rain in pre-monsoon, what to do now?
If it rains during harvest time, it will be difficult to even pay off the loan.
The government should simplify the agricultural subsidy process.
If agricultural extension services could reach the villages, farmers would get a lot of relief.
What kind of fertilizer does this improved seed need?
Has the government provided any grants for irrigation or not?
What is the rice import-export policy this year?
I heard that cooperatives provide loans to farmers at subsidized rates, is it available here?
Please give information about the agricultural program brought by the government.
If the government paid attention to agricultural infrastructure development, it would be very convenient for the farmers.
What documents are required to participate in the crop insurance scheme?
I have heard a lot about land reform, but no one in the village got land.
How is the wheat seed this winter?
Corn seedlings started to dry up due to lack of pre-monsoon rain.
The price dropped during the harvest season, causing a lot of damage.
The subsidies provided by the government do not reach small farmers.
Farmers have suffered a lot due to the ineffectiveness of agricultural extension services.
How much irrigation does this seed need?
Has the government brought any plans for irrigation?
How's the potato import/export situation this year?
What do I need to do to get an agriculture loan at subsidized rates?
What kind of programs has the government brought for farmers?
If the government invests in agricultural infrastructure, farmers will benefit.
If crops are destroyed after getting crop insurance, do we get compensation?
The government didn't do anything for land reform.
How's the vegetable seed situation this winter?
Because it didn't rain pre-monsoon, we couldn't plant rice.
Farmers are frustrated because they don't get good prices when harvesting crops.
How do I get information about the subsidies the government provides?
If agricultural extension services were effective, it would be easier for farmers.
How many days until this seed is ready to plant?
It would have been good if the government had given some grants for irrigation.
What's the wheat import/export policy like this year?
How to get an agriculture loan at subsidized rates?
What kind of plans has the government brought for farmers?
The government should pay attention to agricultural infrastructure.
How to get crop insurance?
Where to go to get information about land reform?
What kind of seeds should I plant this winter?
With no pre-monsoon rain, there's no option but to stare at the sky.
I'm worried about paying back the bank loan when it's harvest time.
Where do I apply for the government grant?
Agricultural extension services should inform farmers about new technologies.
Looks like I'll have a good income this year from selling sheep wool.
What kind of feed is good for buffaloes?
Can you teach me how to make compost fertilizer from cow dung?
How suitable is this place for raising Chyangra goats?
How can we protect goats from diseases?
What breed of chicks should I buy?
How much does it cost to build a pond for fish farming?
What could be a good diet for pigs?
Where can I get training on making ghee from yak milk?
What should I do to earn a good income from beekeeping?
How is the rice seed this year?
Has the government provided any subsidies for fertilizer?
How much pesticide should I use in this field?
Which bank should I go to for a tractor loan?
How to keep yaks safe in the winter?
I just heard about the livestock insurance plan, how does it work?
Where can I get weather information during planting season?
Do cows need to be given medicine regularly?
Where can I find a good breed of buffalo?
How much does it cost to build a goat shed?
How to protect chickens from bird flu?
Where can I find fish fry?
How much profit can I make selling pork?
What kind of place is suitable for raising sheep?
What kind of wood should I use to make a beehive?
What's the market like for clothes made from yak wool?
What's the price of cow's milk these days?
What should be done to protect buffaloes from the heat?
Where can I find grass seeds for goats?
Where to buy chicken feed from?
What kind of feed should I give to fish?
Where to vaccinate pigs?
How to shear sheep's wool?
How to extract honey from bees?
How much money would I get from selling this yak horn?
What do I need to do to get a fertilizer subsidy?
How's the wheat seed this year?
Which medicine should I use for pest control?
Where can I find a tractor for rent?
What documents are needed for livestock insurance?
How will the rice production be this year?
What's the price of compost fertilizer these days?
Does this pesticide work or not?
Does the government give any loans for animal husbandry?
How much milk does this yak give?
Is there foot-and-mouth disease in cows this year?
We should give medicine to goats from time to time, right?
How to manage water for chickens?
How many times should I feed the fish?
What kind of shed should I make for sheep?
Before the monsoon starts, make a good soil embankment around the greenhouse, don't let water enter.
Before putting seedlings in the greenhouse, plant them only after checking the weather forecast.
Put a strong net over the greenhouse to protect it from hail.
To avoid drought, build a water harvesting pond and use drip irrigation.
Considering the possibility of floods, store seeds now.
To avoid landslide risk, don't build the greenhouse on a slope.
Download an agriculture weather app on your mobile to stay updated on the weather.
Because of climate change, get your soil tested before planting new crops.
Register your name in the local authority's early warning system to get information on time.
Arrange drainage so that water doesn't accumulate inside the greenhouse during heavy rain.
Consult an agricultural expert to choose the right seeds before planting crops.
Arrange fans and ventilation to control the temperature of the greenhouse.
Use organic pesticides to protect crops from disease.
Increase soil fertility by using compost fertilizer.
Build a rainwater harvesting tank for irrigation.
Secure your investment by participating in crop insurance schemes.
To get an agriculture loan, take your land certificate and citizenship to the bank.
Strengthen the structure of the greenhouse to protect it from storms.
Check the moisture content in the soil before planting winter crops.
Use plastic to prevent water from entering the greenhouse and causing damage during the rainy season.
Keep getting weather information from the agriculture office from time to time.
Take special precautions for crops that could be damaged by hail.
Wear a hat and long-sleeved clothes to protect yourself from the sun when working in the greenhouse.
If you have a problem with waterlogging in your field, consult with an agricultural technician.
Plant crops that require less water during droughts.
Fill out the form on time for the agriculture grant that the government is giving.
Build the greenhouse in a bit higher place to avoid flood risk.
This year there was drought because it didn't rain on time, how to do farming now!
Adopt new technology for climate adaptation.
Make sure water doesn't collect around the greenhouse because it rains a lot in monsoon.
Cover the greenhouse with plastic to keep it warm during snowfall.
Keep the necessary documents ready for agricultural insurance.
Make a plan to plant crops according to the weather forecast.
Close the doors and windows of the greenhouse properly during the rainy season.
Tie and strengthen the structure of the greenhouse when a storm is coming.
Collect the necessary materials to make compost fertilizer.
Treat the soil before planting seeds.
Dig a well or boring for irrigation.
Protect the crop from insects by using pesticides on time.
Get information about the grant the government is giving to build a greenhouse.
Become a member of the local agricultural cooperative and get information about agriculture.
Save the crop by using drip irrigation in case of water shortage.
If a new disease appears due to climate change, inform the agricultural expert immediately.
Before planting crops, have the amount of necessary nutrients in the soil checked.
Plant trees around the greenhouse to avoid the risk of landslides during the rainy season.
Only use fertilizer after checking the weather forecast.
Put netting on the greenhouse to protect from hail.
During drought, irrigate crops by bringing water in tankers.
Store seeds in a safe place to avoid flood risk.
Use green manure to increase soil fertility.
Did we bring any new varieties of millet seed this year?
How will farmers plant wheat due to the fertilizer shortage?
What can be done to increase rice production in this area, please suggest.
At what price can maize seed be made available to farmers?
Where can we find the necessary equipment for irrigation?
How much is the price difference between potato and other vegetable seeds?
What is the demand for soybean seeds like this year?
When does the rice seed planting season start?
Do you provide training to farmers regarding millet farming?
How to know if the old wheat seed I have is worth planting or not?
Is it possible to inform farmers about rice diseases?
How many fruit plants were sold this year?
Do you have improved varieties of lentil seeds?
What is the price fixed for cardamom seedlings this year?
What kind of fertilizer should we recommend to farmers for maize farming?
Can you give the farmers any information about seeds?
What percentage discount is there on rice seeds this year?
When is the best time to sow wheat seeds?
Can farmers take loans from the bank for seeds?
Has there been any change in the price of millet seeds this year?
What's the plan to distribute rice seeds to the farmers?
What kind of vegetable seeds are in demand in this area?
Can we train the farmers about controlling pests in rice farming?
How is the production of wheat seeds this year?
Can we encourage farmers for fruit farming?
What is the price fixed for lentil seeds this year?
How to make rice seeds available to the farmers?
What is the demand for rice seeds in this area?
What information should we give to the farmers about rice seeds?
Can we provide subsidies to the farmers for seeds?
What is the price of wheat seeds this year?
How to distribute rice seeds to the farmers?
Can we give farmers information about rice farming diseases?
How is the demand for millet seeds this year?
What is the plan to make rice seeds available to the farmers?
How long can we store paddy seeds?
How much subsidy has the government provided for maize seeds?
Have you guys introduced any insurance plan for seeds?
How has this year's paddy seed production been affected?
Can we inform the farmers about wheat seeds?
What is the method of planting paddy seeds?
Can we give training to farmers about paddy seeds?
What is the price fixed for wheat seeds this year?
Can we encourage farmers for millet farming?
How much do farmers have to pay for paddy seeds?
Can we provide information to farmers about wheat seeds?
How is the paddy seed production this year?
Can we inform the farmers about seeds?
When is the appropriate time to sow wheat seeds?
How much benefit has the land reform program brought by the government given to small farmers?
If there was a place to store fertilizer in this warehouse, it would be easier to sell compost.
Farmers are coming to ask what documents are needed to get crop insurance.
How will changes in import-export policy affect our business?
It would be easier for us if the government paid attention to agricultural infrastructure development and built warehouses.
Farmers need credit facilities, but banks don't easily give loans.
How will the potato price be this Rabi season?
Farmers are in line for fertilizer subsidies, the distribution should be easier.
Farmers don't know about new technology because the agricultural extension service isn't effective.
Many farmers don't know about the new agriculture program the government brought.
The demand for power tillers is increasing, but there's a problem because the supply is low.
I'm worried about how the paddy production will be this Kharip season.
Information about the loan facility the government brought to increase investment in agriculture should be given.
How is the land classification done under the land reform program?
The government should change the import-export policy of agricultural products according to the time.
Farmers are having problems selling their produce because there is no investment in agricultural infrastructure.
Farmers should be informed about the crop insurance plan.
Farmers face problems when they don't get government subsidized fertilizer on time.
The reach of the agricultural extension service should be taken to every village.
How will the vegetable production be this winter season?
Unseasonal rain in the pre-monsoon can damage crops, we should be careful.
The government should increase credit facilities in the agricultural sector.
Land ownership should be in the name of the farmer, this is the main objective of land reform.
The import-export policy of improved seeds and fertilizers should be easy.
The government should invest more in agricultural infrastructure development.
Information about the crop insurance program brought by the government should reach all farmers.
The fertilizer subsidy should reach the real farmers.
The government should make land reform programs more effective.
How will tractor sales be this year?
Loan facilities in the agriculture sector should be made easier.
The government should make crop insurance schemes more effective.
To increase fertilizer use, farmers should be trained to make compost fertilizer.
Agricultural extension services should provide information about soil testing.
The use of modern technology in agriculture should be increased.
Import-export policies shouldn't hurt farmers.
How much will mulching technology be used this year?
The government should increase subsidies in agriculture.
Farmers should be given loan facilities to buy agricultural tools.
Land reform programs should provide relief to poor farmers.
The process of crop insurance should be simplified.
Agricultural extension services should provide information about pests and diseases.
Farmers lose out when import-export is tightened.
Production should be increased by investing in agricultural infrastructure.
The implementation of land reform programs is weak.
The subsidies provided by the government should be received by real farmers.
Agricultural extension services should be made more effective.
What kind of policy will the government bring in agriculture this year?
After doing crop insurance, you can farm without worries.
Small farmers should get credit facilities by mortgaging their land.
This year, I'm thinking of taking wheat seeds from the cooperative, which variety would be good?
Due to the lack of fertilizer, farmers haven't been able to plant wheat on time.
This time, there's hope that wheat production will increase because of good winter rainfall.
Come and take the fertilizer needed for wheat after getting money from selling rice.
During potato planting time, there's a rush to harvest wheat, it's hard to find workers.
We have urged the government to fix the support price for wheat.
Get information about the use of pesticides to control wheat diseases.
The cooperative has arranged a warehouse for farmers to store wheat.
Apply for a subsidy on wheat seeds.
It seems that irrigation facilities need to be increased in this area for wheat farming.
It is estimated that the price of wheat will increase this year due to decreased production.
Contact me if you need technical assistance for wheat cultivation.
We are informing farmers about the new varieties of wheat.
Let's discuss how climate change affects wheat crops.
Soil testing should be done while planting wheat seeds.
An agricultural expert should be called to solve the problem seen in the wheat crop.
The use of compost fertilizer should be encouraged to increase wheat production.
Volunteers are needed for the wheat seed distribution program.
Let's release a notice to give information about the wheat insurance plan.
When setting the price of wheat, the farmer's costs should also be considered.
We have established a lab for wheat quality testing.
To get good income from wheat farming, modern technology should be used.
Proper management should be done for wheat storage.
Organic pesticides should be used to control pests in wheat.
To increase wheat production, improved varieties of seeds should be used.
Wheat production is expected to increase this year.
Farmers are demanding that a minimum support price for wheat be set.
Arrangements should be made to provide loans to farmers to buy wheat seeds.
Training should be organized to increase wheat production.
The government should bring special plans to become self-sufficient in wheat.
Local production should be encouraged to reduce wheat imports.
There is a system to deposit the money from the sale of wheat into the farmer's account.
A committee has been formed to determine the support price of wheat.
You have to fill out a form for a wheat seed subsidy.
We have prepared a booklet providing information on how to cultivate wheat.
Incentive prizes have been arranged to increase wheat production.
It is hoped that there will be good wheat production this year.
Register your name at the cooperative for wheat seeds.
Farmers should be trained to protect wheat crops from diseases.
The necessary fertilizer for wheat should be managed on time.
It seems a canal needs to be built for irrigation of the wheat crop.
Farmers' suggestions should also be included in determining the price of wheat.
Modern equipment should be used to increase wheat production.
Involve all farmers in the wheat seed distribution program.
Submit the necessary documents for wheat insurance.
There is a subsidy for irrigation equipment used in wheat farming.
To increase wheat production, the soil's fertility must be improved.
Modern warehouses should be built for wheat storage.
Get information about the things to consider when cultivating wheat.
Seed treatment should be done to protect wheat seeds from fungus.
The main objective of the cooperative building this cold storage for goat rearing is to help the farmers.
This year, it seems there will be good income from selling sheep wool in the winter season.
To systematize poultry farming, attention should be paid to the quality of feed.
The cooperative has arranged to bring grass from various places for the buffalo's nutritional needs.
The cooperative has planned to distribute improved breed semen for cows.
The cooperative has arranged subsidies to construct ponds for fish farming.
We need to train farmers on how to use fertilizer.
The cooperative has arranged to rent out power tillers during the rice harvesting season.
Equipment needed for irrigation is safely stored in the cooperative's cold storage.
The cooperative should inform farmers about livestock insurance plans.
The cooperative is planning to distribute seeds for mushroom farming.
The cooperative has arranged training for beekeeping.
The cooperative has introduced a plan to provide loans at low interest rates for pig farming.
The cooperative has planned to provide special facilities to farmers raising yaks.
The cooperative provides materials needed for animal feed at subsidized rates.
The cooperative will provide all necessary assistance to farmers during the harvest.
It looks like the rice crop will be good this year because of a lot of rain, and the cooperative will also help.
The cooperative advises farmers on proper livestock management during the winter.
The cooperative teaches farmers how to plant rice during the rainy season.
The cooperative informs farmers about how to manage fertilizer.
The cooperative encourages farmers to use modern agricultural equipment.
The cooperative provides farmers with necessary irrigation equipment at subsidized prices.
The cooperative urges farmers to participate in livestock insurance plans.
The cooperative has arranged to distribute improved seeds to farmers.
The cooperative helps farmers learn new agricultural technologies.
The cooperative suggests that farmers test their soil from time to time.
The cooperative informs farmers about ways to control pests.
The cooperative runs free camps for farmers to get their livestock's health checked.
The cooperative provides farmers with medicines needed for livestock at subsidized rates.
The cooperative gives training to farmers on how to take proper care of livestock.
The cooperative provides free vaccinations to farmers for their livestock.
The cooperative teaches farmers new ways to increase livestock production.
The cooperative informs farmers about the market price of livestock.
The cooperative helps farmers find markets to sell their livestock.
The cooperative trains farmers to process products obtained from livestock.
The cooperative helps farmers market products obtained from livestock.
The cooperative helps farmers store products obtained from livestock.
The cooperative helps farmers insure products obtained from livestock.
The cooperative helps farmers export products obtained from livestock.
The cooperative helps farmers improve the quality of products obtained from livestock.
The cooperative helps farmers diversify products obtained from livestock.
The cooperative helps farmers find new markets for products obtained from livestock.
The cooperative helps farmers adopt new technologies for products obtained from livestock.
The cooperative helps farmers create new policies for products obtained from livestock.
The cooperative helps farmers run new programs for products obtained from livestock.
The cooperative helps farmers conduct new research for products obtained from livestock.
The cooperative helps farmers organize new trainings for products obtained from livestock.
The cooperative helps farmers organize new fairs for livestock products.
The cooperative helps farmers organize new exhibitions for livestock products.
The cooperative helps farmers organize new conferences for livestock products.
What kind of program can be run to inform farmers about how to make compost fertilizer?
How complicated is the organic product certification process?
What effect does using organic fertilizer have on the soil's biological processes?
Are consumers willing to buy products that have used natural pesticides?
How can we teach farmers how to use compost fertilizer when planting crops?
How can farmers be made aware of the proper use of fertilizer?
How important is the use of local language when conducting consumer awareness programs?
How to encourage farmers to use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer?
What should be done to increase the demand for organic products in the market?
When doing organic farming, what should be the amount of fertilizer to increase soil fertility?
How can we train farmers to make natural pesticides as an alternative to chemical pesticides?
How much does certification cost for organic products?
Can we train farmers to make compost fertilizer?
What kind of campaign should be run to inform consumers about organic farming?
How to determine the market premium for organic products?
Will using compost fertilizer in this field increase production?
How can farmers be motivated to promote organic farming?
Can natural pesticides control all the insects that attack crops?
What are the requirements for organic product certification?
Is the demand for organic products increasing in the local market?
What effect does using compost fertilizer have on soil fertility?
How do you explain the difference between organic and non-organic products to consumers?
What effect does using natural pesticides have on the environment?
What can be done to increase soil biological activity in organic farming?
Are farmers aware of the importance of certification?
What things should be considered when setting the price of organic products in the market?
Can we subsidize farmers to make compost fertilizer?
What measures can be taken to increase consumer awareness about organic products?
What effect does using natural pesticides have on human health?
How can soil biology be used in organic farming?
Who does the certification of organic farming?
Are consumers willing to pay more for organic products?
What is a simple way to make compost fertilizer?
How can the use of natural pesticides be promoted?
Where to contact for testing the biological quality of soil?
How long does it take to get organic certification?
Are organic products easily available in the market?
Does using compost fertilizer reduce the need for chemical fertilizer or not?
What effect does using natural pesticides have on the environment?
How does organic farming improve soil health?
Can organic products be sold without certification or not?
Are consumers satisfied with the quality of organic products?
What kind of materials are needed to make compost fertilizer?
Can training be arranged to teach the method of making natural pesticides?
How does organic farming help to conserve soil biodiversity?
How can the organic product certification process be simplified?
Can online markets be used to increase the demand for organic products?
What difference does the use of compost fertilizer make in crop production?
How can the negative impact on the environment from the use of natural pesticides be reduced?
What other methods can be adopted to increase soil fertility in organic farming?
Teach farmers the correct way to use DAP fertilizer, and advise them to use it only after soil testing.
Encourage farmers to use compost fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
Pay attention to the soil fertility while using urea fertilizer.
Inform farmers about the proper use of fertilizers during planting.
Explain the importance of potash fertilizer and explain its benefits to the soil.
Provide training to farmers on the use of bio-fertilizers.
Provide information about the negative effects of using chemical fertilizers.
Inform the farmers about the fertilizer subsidy that the government is providing.
Make farmers aware of the effects on the soil when using too much fertilizer in the field.
Provide information on how to use fertilizer during the Kharif season.
Encourage the use of organic fertilizer as much as possible, and reduce the use of chemical fertilizer.
Teach farmers about the importance of DAP fertilizer and how to use it.
Explain why soil testing is necessary when using chemical fertilizers.
Teach how to make compost fertilizer and explain its benefits.
Inform farmers about the things to keep in mind when using urea fertilizer.
Provide information on how to use fertilizer when planting crops.
Explain how the use of potash fertilizer benefits the soil.
Explain that the use of bio-fertilizers can reduce the use of chemical fertilizers.
Explain the negative effects of excessive use of chemical fertilizers on the soil.
Inform farmers about the process of government subsidies on fertilizers.
Make farmers aware of the decrease in soil fertility when using too much fertilizer in the field.
Teach farmers how to use fertilizer during the Kharif season.
Motivate farmers to use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
Suggest using the correct amount of DAP fertilizer, don't use too much.
Encourage farmers to get their soil tested before using chemical fertilizers.
Train farmers to increase the production of compost fertilizer.
Advise farmers to explore other options to control the use of urea fertilizer.
Organize a workshop on the correct use of fertilizer during planting season.
Inform the farmers about the benefits of potash fertilizer.
Teach how to keep the soil healthy by using bio fertilizer.
Provide information on the environmental impact of using chemical fertilizers.
Inform us what documents are needed to get fertilizer subsidies.
Make farmers aware of the risks of using too much fertilizer in the field.
Teach how to manage fertilizer in the Kharif season.
Encourage the use of organic fertilizer as an alternative to chemical fertilizer.
Inform how the use of DAP fertilizer increases production.
Teach how to read a soil report before using chemical fertilizer.
Explain how using compost fertilizer increases soil fertility.
Discuss what can be done to reduce the use of urea fertilizer.
Advise on the correct selection of fertilizer during planting season.
Explain how the use of potash fertilizer protects crops from disease.
Teach how the use of bio fertilizer reduces the need for chemical fertilizer.
Provide information on water pollution caused by the use of chemical fertilizers.
Teach how to fill out the online form for fertilizer subsidy.
Provide information on the changes in soil structure due to excessive use of fertilizer in the field.
Provide information on how to use fertilizer in the pre-monsoon.
Encourage farmers to use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
Increase production by using DAP fertilizer correctly.
Give information about why soil testing is needed before using chemical fertilizer.
Guide farmers on how to use fertilizer during the harvesting season.
This year potatoes are affected by viral disease, how to control it?
What precautions should be taken for safety when using pesticides?
Where can I find training on integrated pest management?
Can we adopt biological methods to control stem borers in rice?
I am annoyed by too many weeds in the field, what is an easy way to control weeds?
What kind of medicine should be used for fungal diseases in crops?
How to protect wheat from pests this season?
Does the use of chemical fertilizers affect the soil?
What effect does pesticide use have on the environment?
What to do for bacterial disease in tomatoes?
Rats are causing a lot of trouble in the field, what are the ways to control rats?
This year the incidence of pests in paddy has increased, what could be the reason?
Does the problem of pests decrease when using organic fertilizer?
How safe is it for me to sell vegetables after using pesticides?
The bitter gourd plant seems to have a viral disease, what to do?
Where can I get information about integrated pest management?
Too many weeds in the field have destroyed the crop, what to do now?
This year the rice plants in the field are turning yellow and dying, I wonder what disease it is?
How important is it to wear a mask when spraying pesticides?
What should I do to control pests organically?
How to protect potatoes from fungal diseases?
What symptoms do you see in crops infected with bacterial disease?
How to participate in the Integrated Pest Management program?
Is there any way to kill insects without using pesticides?
How to biologically control rice stem borers?
Which medicine is good to use to control weeds?
What are the health effects of using pesticides?
If the bitter gourd plant gets a viral disease, how does it affect production?
What is a home remedy to control rats in the field?
How to identify diseases in crops?
Does the use of pesticides affect the bacteria living in the soil?
How to save crops infected with fungal diseases?
What could be the reason for so many insects in the field?
What can be done to reduce the use of pesticides?
Where can I find organic pesticides?
Weeds in the field are too much and production has decreased, what to do?
This year there are finger-like insects on the oranges, what to do?
What are the things to keep in mind while using pesticides?
How to identify a plant with a viral disease?
What kind of training is needed for integrated pest management?
What else can be used as an alternative to pesticides?
I'm fed up with rats in the field, is there any solution?
What are the different diseases that affect paddy?
What kind of effect does pesticide use have on water?
How to control pests while doing organic farming?
Does using herbicides affect other crops or not?
This year, vegetables were damaged a lot by pests, what to do?
Where can I get information about the safe use of pesticides?
Can a crop with a viral disease be cured or not?
What kind of support does the government provide for integrated pest management?
Due to lack of cold storage, the off-season vegetables damaged by the flood rotted and were wasted, now how to repay the loan?
Even the seeds stored in the warehouse were destroyed by pests, how to farm after this?
It's difficult to get a fair price due to the lack of a good grading machine, it's hard to even sell.
The price of tomatoes has decreased in the market due to poor packaging, what to do?
If I had taken food preservation training, this loss wouldn't have happened, now what to do?
All the chilies were eaten by pests due to lack of attention to storage, I'm feeling very regretful.
Production will decrease due to lack of fertilizer for the Rabi season, I'm worried.
The monsoon season flood ruined everything, how do I get compensation now?
The monsoon flood swept everything away, it's hard to save the grains.
The pre-monsoon storm blew away the stored corn, what will we eat now?
The power tiller is broken and sitting idle, and I don't have money to fix it.
The plants are starting to dry up because I didn't get fertilizer, I should complain to the agriculture office.
The soil got ruined because I used chemical fertilizer without taking compost fertilizer training.
The field is dry because the irrigation equipment is broken, I'm worried about the production decreasing.
We've had to bear a lot of losses because we didn't adopt proper food preservation methods.
I'm tired of the storage insects destroying everything, how do I control them now?
The potatoes rotted because there's no cold storage, and the investment is also gone.
We have to keep it in the open because there's no warehouse, it looks like it's going to rain.
The rice that was dried in the sun got moldy because there's no drying technology.
We have to sell low-quality goods too because there's no grading equipment.
There's a lack of good plastic for packaging, how do I keep it safe?
No one comes to give information about food preservation.
It's hard to progress in agriculture unless we improve storage.
There's no place to store the wheat produced in the Rabi season.
Even when looking for a warehouse to store paddy in the monsoon season, I couldn't find one.
We couldn't save the grains when the monsoon flood came, what will we eat now?
After the pre-monsoon storm blew everything away, I got worried about how to store things.
Farming was so hard without a power tiller, it affected the production.
Couldn't buy fertilizer, so much loss, nobody helps.
Didn't know how to make compost, production didn't increase even with chemical fertilizer.
No irrigation, depending on rain, crops are drying up.
Had to sell tomatoes cheap because there's no cold storage, couldn't even cover the cost.
Rats are eating the grains in the store, so annoying, what to do now?
Paddy is rotting because there's no place to dry it, nobody cares.
Couldn't get a good price selling without grading, it's so unfair.
Goods got returned from the market because the packaging wasn't good, what to do now?
It would be good to have some training for food preservation, who gives it?
The government should bring some plans for storage, it would be easier for us.
Have to sell the Rabi season vegetables cheap because there's no place to store them.
It's hard to even get plastic sacks to store the Kharif season paddy.
The grains got spoiled getting wet in the monsoon, now worried about what to eat.
The pre-monsoon storm blew away the stored corn, so much loss.
It's hard to even find a power tiller to rent, couldn't get the work done on time.
The soil fertility decreased because we didn't use fertilizer, how to increase production now?
Forced to use chemical fertilizer because we didn't get compost making training.
The crops are drying up due to lack of water because the irrigation equipment broke, what to do now?
There's no way to control storage pests, all the grains are gone.
When storing in a seed bank, you have to keep the right temperature for food preservation.
We have to make farmers understand the importance of grading to maintain seed quality.
Without cold storage, there's a high chance of seeds getting damaged a lot.
We can increase the lifespan of seeds by using drying technology in the seed processing center.
Using organic pesticides is effective for controlling pests in storage.
We need to focus on packaging to reduce damage when storing seeds in a seed bank.
Farmers should build warehouses to increase their production's storage capacity.
We should promote the use of modern warehouses to reduce storage damage.
We need to manage enough warehouses to keep seeds safe during harvest time.
It's necessary to improve drying methods to protect seed quality.
We can use different ways to protect seeds from pests in storage.
We have to prioritize food security when storing seeds in a seed bank.
If we package seeds well, we can keep them safe for a long time.
We should only distribute graded seeds to farmers.
Without cold storage, seed quality can decrease.
If you dry seeds well in the sun and store them, they can last a long time.
Before putting seeds in the warehouse, you need to spray necessary medicine for pest control.
When storing seeds in a seed bank, we should use ways to reduce post-harvest loss.
For food preservation, seeds must be stored properly.
When packaging seeds, you should use airtight materials.
When grading seeds, you should only select healthy and good seeds.
If there is cold storage, the seeds can be kept fresh for a long time.
If the seeds are not dried properly before storing, there is a chance of insect infestation.
Before storing seeds in the warehouse, it should be cleaned and free of insects.
We need to make farmers aware of storage losses.
Proper storage methods should be adopted for seed food preservation.
If packaging is not taken care of, there is a possibility of mold growing on the seeds.
When grading seeds, diseased seeds should be removed.
Without cold storage, the production capacity of the seeds may decrease.
Proper temperature management should be done while drying the seeds.
Pesticides should be sprayed regularly to control insects in the warehouse.
We should provide training to reduce post-harvest losses of seeds.
It is necessary to protect seeds from insects for food preservation.
When packaging seeds, the production date should be clearly written on the label.
When grading seeds, attention should be paid to size and color.
The government should pay attention to the management of cold storage.
When drying seeds, they should be dried in the shade instead of direct sunlight.
There should be ventilation when storing seeds in the warehouse.
We should use new technology to reduce post-harvest losses of seeds.
For food preservation, seeds should be stored in a cool and dry place.
When packaging seeds, you have to use environment-friendly materials.
When grading seeds, you have to check the purity of the seeds.
Farmers should get subsidies for cold storage.
When drying seeds, you have to protect them from dust and soil.
When storing seeds in a warehouse, you have to inspect them regularly.
We should encourage farmers to reduce post-harvest loss of seeds.
For food preservation, seeds should be kept safe for a long time.
When packaging, you have to use suitable materials according to the type of seed.
When grading seeds, you have to select seeds that will produce healthy plants.
Seed production can decrease due to lack of cold storage, so its management should be emphasized.
As a vet, I try my best to explain the importance of potash to farmers.
Using fertilizer at the right time helps increase crop production.
I suggest using organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
One reason youths are migrating from agriculture is the lack of fertilizer.
Compost fertilizer not only makes the soil fertile but also protects the environment.
Farmers are given information about urea fertilizer in the seed bank.
Biofertilizer is very useful for the soil.
The subsidy given on fertilizer provides a lot of relief to small farmers.
Using too much fertilizer damages the quality of the soil.
The correct amount of fertilizer should be used in the Kharif season.
The fertilizer needs are different for crops planted in the post-monsoon season.
You should know about the fertilizer needed for crops in winter.
You have to be extra careful when using fertilizer in the pre-monsoon season.
Farmers need to be taught how to make compost fertilizer.
You should pay attention to fertilizer use when using irrigation equipment.
Proper use of fertilizer is important for good seeds.
Using mulch helps keep the soil moist and reduces the need for fertilizer.
Using chemical fertilizer increases production immediately, but it has long-term effects.
Farmers should be encouraged to use organic fertilizer.
Using compost fertilizer increases soil fertility.
Excessive use of urea fertilizer damages the soil.
DAP fertilizer plays an important role in plant growth.
A lack of potash fertilizer reduces crop production.
Using biofertilizers reduces the need for chemical fertilizers.
Fertilizer subsidies should be used properly.
If fertilizer is not used at the right time, crops are more likely to get diseases.
Using too much fertilizer has a negative impact on the environment.
Information should be provided on what kind of fertilizer is needed for rice in the Kharif season.
Soil testing should be done to determine the amount of fertilizer for wheat in the post-monsoon season.
Training should be given on how to use fertilizer for winter vegetables.
We need info on how to manage fertilizer for maize during pre-monsoon.
Farmers should get the stuff they need to make compost fertilizer.
Using irrigation tools makes fertilizer work better.
When picking seeds, you gotta think about fertilizer needs too.
We need info on how using mulch can cut down on fertilizer use.
The government needs to find other options besides chemical fertilizer.
You gotta test the soil before using fertilizer.
Using compost fertilizer keeps the soil healthy.
We should look for other options instead of urea fertilizer.
Using DAP fertilizer helps boost production.
Using potash fertilizer makes fruits better quality.
Using biofertilizer keeps the environment clean.
The fertilizer subsidy needs to actually reach the farmers.
You can boost production by using fertilizer at the right time.
Farmers need to understand the downsides of using too much fertilizer.
We gotta make sure fertilizer is available during the Kharif season.
We need to plan so there's no fertilizer shortage after the monsoon.
We gotta supply fertilizer keeping in mind the demand in winter.
When using fertilizer in pre-monsoon, think about the soil condition.
This sack for storing potato seeds is a bit torn, gotta tape it up.
We need to organize a program to give farmers information about wheat seeds.
What's the demand for rice seeds like this year?
We need to bring a new plan to sell corn seeds to farmers.
Don't forget to wear a mask for safety when using pesticides.
There is a special discount for farmers who plant potatoes in winter.
I have high-quality rice seeds; contact me if you need them.
How much subsidy has the government given for fertilizer this time?
We need to keep track of how many fruit plants were sold this year.
There is a discount on power tillers when buying wheat seeds.
This sack of potato seeds needs to be protected from the sun.
The rice production wasn't good this year; I wonder if there was a problem with the seeds!
This fertilizer is useful for potato seeds.
It is better to use organic fertilizer instead of this chemical fertilizer.
We need to reconcile the accounts after selling rice seeds.
The demand for potatoes seems to be increasing this Rabi season.
There is no space to store wheat seeds in this warehouse.
We provide subsidies to farmers for rice seeds.
Farmers are worried because the price of potato seeds has increased.
Keep a record of how many farmers took rice seeds this year.
The lentil storage capacity in this warehouse needs to be increased.
To protect potato seeds from insects, pesticides should be used.
It's almost time to plant rice seeds, we should start preparing.
This time the price of corn seeds has decreased.
The government should provide information about the subsidy for wheat seeds.
Farmers should apply to the cooperative for potato seeds.
Mulch should be used to protect potato seeds from the cold.
How was the rice seed production this year?
Farmers should be given training about wheat seeds.
We couldn't supply potato seeds according to the demand.
We should also keep millet seeds for the next season.
A new variety has come in rice seeds this time.
We need to explain the importance of corn seeds to the farmers.
Farmers have to stand in line for wheat seeds.
There is no space in this warehouse to store rice, wheat, and corn seeds.
There is a rule that farmers must show their ID card when selling potato seeds.
This time a lot of orange saplings were sold.
Farmers have started coming to buy cardamom saplings.
Rice seeds were not found on time this time.
There was a shortage of fertilizer during potato seed planting time.
This year, the production of rice seeds was low due to disease.
We need to contact the cooperative for wheat seeds.
We should do an announcement on the microphone to inform farmers about rice seeds.
There's a lot of demand for potato seeds this time.
How much subsidy has the government provided for corn seeds?
We need to have a meeting to determine the price of wheat seeds.
There's been a complaint that the quality of rice seeds isn't good this year.
We need to increase the security of the warehouse where potato seeds are stored.
Farmers are having problems transporting rice seeds.
There's a system for advance booking for potato seeds.
It's hard to decide whether to plant improved seeds or local seeds this year.
Hybrid seeds are said to give good yield, but I wonder what their quality will be like.
Does anyone know what things to keep in mind when storing seeds?
I have to go to the cooperative to pay for fertilizer and seeds, I wonder if I'll manage today.
It seems like the monsoon won't arrive on time this year, what to do when it's time to plant seeds?
It's said that it's good to plant rice seeds after seed treatment, how do you do that?
I heard that the government gives subsidies on certified seeds, how much will we get?
It's a hassle to make compost fertilizer, should I just use chemical fertilizer?
Plowing the field with a power tiller is faster, but my field is on a hillside!
We need to build a canal for irrigation, I wonder if the villagers will help.
If there isn't enough water when planting rice, there's a fear of drought, what to do?
Anyone know which corn seed is good for the monsoon season?
Only if you can store the seeds well, they'll be useful for the next season.
If the seed quality isn't good this time, it's a total waste.
The government should bring a program to subsidize improved seeds for farmers.
There's an increasing risk of local seeds disappearing, how to save them?
Is there anyone who can teach me how to process seeds?
I'm thinking of planting improved seeds and getting a high yield.
They say hybrid seeds need a lot of fertilizer, how to manage the money for fertilizer?
I heard that the seed storage place should be clean and dry.
If you can manage fertilizer well, there are many benefits.
Are loans available to buy a power tiller or not?
It's time to manage water for irrigation.
I heard that seeds should be planted before the monsoon starts.
Where can I get the seed quality checked?
Should I use chemical fertilizer or compost fertilizer in the field this year?
It would be easier if I could get training to operate a power tiller.
I heard there's a new technology for irrigation, what's it like?
It looks like the rice seeds will dry up this year because it didn't rain on time.
Where can I find vegetable seeds to plant in the monsoon season?
What should I do to protect the seeds from insects?
It's hard to buy improved seeds because they are expensive.
They say hybrid seeds reduce soil fertility, is that true?
I'm worried about termites when storing seeds, what to do?
Fertilizer prices keep increasing, how to farm?
Where can I find a place to rent a power tiller?
We have to rely on rainwater for irrigation.
If it rains too much during the monsoon, I'm worried the seeds will rot.
If the seed quality isn't good, the harvest won't be good.
Does anyone know how to make compost fertilizer?
Is there anyone who knows how to operate a power tiller?
I don't have money to buy a motor for irrigation, what to do?
I need to select rice seeds for the Kharif season.
This year I will only plant processed seeds.
How do I get the government subsidy for seeds?
I don't have much information about hybrid seeds, who should I ask?
Will anyone come to teach how to store seeds?
I wish I could get training on fertilizer management.
Even though it's easy to operate a power tiller, it's hard to repair.
Will heavy rain during the monsoon damage the field?
The use of fertilizer in tea farming should be done a little differently than in rice farming.
Tea farming takes as much effort as cardamom farming, but the income might be different.
This year, the government subsidy for tea seedlings is less than for wheat seeds.
Planting tea in the hills is better than growing corn in many ways.
It's not good to put as much pesticide in tea as farmers put in potatoes.
We used to sell more lentils than tea, but now the situation has changed.
It looks like tea production will be better than rice this year.
You can earn more by selling tea than by selling oranges.
In our village, the demand for tea is increasing more than for millet.
You don't get returns as quickly investing in other vegetables as you do in tea farming.
There's not as much risk in tea farming as there is in apple farming.
It's better for young people to get into tea farming than to go abroad; they can earn good money.
Planting tea saplings requires more patience than sowing rice seeds.
We hope tea production will be better this Rabi season than last year.
The time to fertilize tea bushes is different than the time to fertilize rice.
It's easier to farm tea compared to cardamom.
The way to prepare land for tea farming is different than for corn farming.
There's been a complaint that the government gives less subsidy to tea than to rice.
We shouldn't use the pesticides we use on rice on tea.
The growth hormones needed for tea plants are different than for rice.
The tea here is no less than Darjeeling tea from India.
In our area, tea production is better than wheat.
Tea farming has flourished more than rice farming in this place.
To control diseases in tea, we need to pay more attention than in rice.
Soil testing before planting tea is more important for farmers than before planting wheat.
It is much easier to grow tea than to grow rice in the hills.
When using fertilizer in tea farming, more caution should be taken than in wheat.
Tea plants need less water to plant compared to rice.
The income from tea farming may not be as much as from fruits for the same amount of hard work.
The farmers here are weaker when setting the price of tea than when setting the price of rice.
Even if there is less irrigation in tea farming than in rice farming, it is okay.
I think tea will be better than corn in this field.
The nutrients needed for tea plants are different than for wheat.
Farmers should think more when buying tea plants than when buying rice seeds.
The income from tea farming is more than the income from corn farming.
Farmers are attracted to tea farming because the price of cardamom has decreased.
The time to pick tea leaves is different than the time to harvest rice.
More attention should be paid when preparing the soil for tea farming than for rice.
The precautions to be taken when planting tea plants are more than when planting rice seeds.
The treatment of diseases in tea plants can be more expensive than in rice plants.
This year, tea production is likely to be better than last year.
The fertilizer needed for tea plants is different than for wheat.
Getting training for tea farming is more important than getting it for rice farming.
The way to water tea plants is different than for rice.
The number of people working in tea gardens is less than those working in rice fields.
When setting the price of tea, you have to pay more attention than for rice.
Investing in tea farming is considered safer than investing in wheat farming.
Increasing tea production is easier than increasing rice production.
The way to fertilize tea plants is different than for rice.
Making money by selling tea leaves is easier than making it by selling rice.
The corn stored in the warehouse has started getting infested, so we need to get pesticide soon to control the insects.
I'm very worried because this year's wheat production wasn't as expected.
I'm planning to buy a power tiller with the money from selling rice.
Because the price of vegetables like potatoes and cauliflower has decreased, we've had to store them in the warehouse.
Farmers are disappointed because they are not getting a fair price for fruits like oranges and mangoes.
Lentils should be dried well and stored in the warehouse.
This year's millet production has increased, so the warehouse is full.
Soybeans should be packed well and stored in the warehouse.
There is a risk of ginger rotting if kept in a damp place, so it should be kept dry in the warehouse.
I am preparing to dry cardamom in the sun and store it in the warehouse.
The corn seedlings were starting to dry out because it didn't rain during the pre-monsoon, but finally it rained.
After post-monsoon, after harvesting paddy, we have to prepare to plant wheat.
For planting corn in the kharif season, we need fertilizer, should check at the cooperative.
For planting vegetables in the spring season, I have to go to the market to find seeds.
The government should give subsidies to farmers for chemical fertilizers.
To make compost fertilizer, we need to collect cow dung.
We can protect soil moisture by covering the corn plants with mulch.
Even though the paddy production was good this year, it's difficult to get a fair price.
I wonder if the government will provide some relief for wheat farming?
When buying corn seeds, you should choose an improved variety.
The price of vegetables in the market is very expensive.
The government should help to invest in fruit farming.
I need to take training on how to store lentils.
Many dishes can be made from millet flour.
Soybean oil is good for health.
The price of ginger has increased a lot this year.
Good income can be earned from cardamom farming.
We are forced to use pesticides to protect corn from insects.
Plowing the field with a power tiller saves time and labor.
The use of mulch increases the fertility of the soil.
Compost fertilizer keeps the soil healthy.
There was problem because of lack of water during rice planting time.
Wheat production decreased because seeds weren't available on time.
Farmers face losses when the price of corn is unstable in the market.
Modern technology should be used in vegetable farming.
New methods should be adopted to increase fruit production.
To reduce lentil imports, domestic production should be increased.
The demand for millet is increasing in the market.
Soybean farming increases the fertility of the soil.
I have to take a loan from the bank to invest in ginger farming.
Farmers are worried as the market price of cardamom decreases.
The government should fix the support price for rice.
Improved seeds should be distributed to increase wheat production.
To get training for corn farming, you have to go to the agriculture office.
The use of organic fertilizer in vegetable farming should be encouraged.
There should be irrigation facilities in fruit farming.
Proper storage facilities should be arranged for lentil storage.
Millet farming should be commercialized.
Soybean processing industries should be established.
The export of spice crops like ginger and cardamom should be increased.
Stored grains are more prone to bacterial diseases than insect infestations.
Using organic control methods instead of pesticides is much better for the environment.
Weed control in farms led by women is a bit harder than when done by men.
This year, the outbreak of viral disease in rice is more than last year.
During the rainy season, fungal problems affect crops more than insect problems.
Keeping a cat in the warehouse to control rats is a safer option than using poison.
The use of chemical pesticides reduces soil fertility rather than increasing it.
Using irrigation equipment makes water management much easier than doing it by hand.
Nowadays, plowing the field with a power tiller is faster and easier than plowing with oxen.
Using fertilizer at the time of planting is more effective than using it at harvest time.
Due to this year's adverse weather, hand-weeding is better than using chemical pesticides to solve the weed problem.
During rice planting, the problem of waterlogging increases the possibility of disease, but timely treatment reduces the damage.
Wearing a mask for pesticide safety is much safer than using it without a mask.
Integrated pest management discourages the use of chemical pesticides, which is good for the environment.
Controlling insects before the rains is easier than after the rains.
It is better to use organic fertilizer than chemical fertilizer when preparing rice seedlings.
Among the diseases that affect crops, it is more difficult to identify bacterial diseases than fungal diseases.
Controlling pests through organic methods is safer for women farmers than spraying pesticides.
It is much better to plant healthy plants than to try to save plants affected by viral diseases.
To avoid the problem of rats eating grains, keeping the warehouse clean is a better solution than using poison.
After taking integrated pest management training this year, we were able to reduce pesticide use, which was not possible before.
If you manage water well in the field during rice planting, there will be less weed problem.
To control potato blight, using organic pesticides is better than using chemical pesticides.
Tomato production wasn't as expected because of viral disease, but other vegetables did well.
When using pesticides, wearing gloves for safety is safer than not wearing gloves.
Integrated pest management reduces the negative impact on the environment, which pesticide use increases.
It's better to prevent disease in crops than to treat it after it occurs.
Fungal diseases in rice are less harmful to farmers than bacterial diseases.
When storing grain in the warehouse, it is safer to use traditional methods than using rat poison.
Informing female farmers about the safe use of pesticides is more important than informing male farmers.
Pulling weeds by hand is more environmentally friendly than using chemical pesticides for weed control.
Using organic pesticides is more beneficial for health than using chemical pesticides.
Disease outbreaks in rice farming are a bigger problem for farmers than pest outbreaks.
Trapping rats is safer than using poison to control rats in the warehouse.
The concept of integrated pest management is much more effective than using pesticides.
It is better to plant healthy crops than to cure crops affected by viral diseases.
It is mandatory to wear a mask when using pesticides; not wearing one is risky.
To control stem borers in rice, it is better to use organic methods than to use pesticides.
When storing grain in the warehouse, it is safer to put neem leaves to protect from insects than to use poison.
This year, I had to work hard to control weeds; there weren't so many last year.
The use of pesticides damages the soil, but organic fertilizer makes the soil fertile.
Too much rain during rice planting is more harmful than not enough water.
A bacteria outbreak is more worrying for farmers than a viral disease outbreak.
Using pesticides has a negative impact on the environment, but organic pesticides don't.
Integrated pest management keeps pest outbreaks under control, not pesticides.
Keeping cats is more effective than using poison to control rats in the warehouse.
Weeding is better than using pesticides for weed control, but it takes more time.
It's mandatory to take safety measures when using pesticides, otherwise it can seriously affect your health.
Using organic methods is better than using pesticides to control rice blast disease.
This year, fungus caused a lot of damage to potatoes, more than insects did.
This year, potato production decreased because fertilizer wasn't available on time, and we didn't get the subsidy the government promised.
Without agricultural infrastructure development, it's difficult to get products from the hills to the market.
Due to climate change, water sources are drying up, so even with irrigation equipment, we can't use it.
Farmers aren't attracted to crop insurance schemes because of the complicated process.
There's no one to provide information about the government's agricultural programs, the extension service hasn't been effective.
Land reform programs haven't been effective in the hills, many farmers are still landless.
This year, many people's rice seeds didn't germinate because they weren't good, who will compensate for the loss?
You need a lot of documents to get an agricultural loan from the bank, it's difficult for village farmers.
After the government tightened pesticide regulations, it became difficult to control pests, and organic pesticides weren't effective.
Due to import-export policies, local products couldn't find a market, it's hard to compete with cheap goods.
This year, the corn dried up due to drought, the relief the government promised hasn't arrived yet.
Because there's no road in the hills, we couldn't get the produced vegetables to the market, they rotted in the field.
Due to climate change, new diseases appeared, and the agriculture technicians didn't tell us the treatment on time.
We haven't received the compost fertilizer that the government promised, we're forced to rely on chemical fertilizer.
Because the agriculture office didn't give information on time, many farmers couldn't apply for the grant.
The banks hesitate to give agriculture loans, and we don't have land to mortgage, how to do farming?
Due to the effects of climate change, there was unexpected rain, all the crops were flooded.
The government didn't give good information about agriculture insurance, many farmers were deprived of insurance.
This year apple production has decreased, the compensation that the government promised hasn't come yet.
It's difficult to get improved seeds, local seeds don't give good production.
Due to the new import policy brought by the government, farmers have suffered a lot, support price wasn't fixed.
The budget that came for agricultural infrastructure development was misused, the farmers didn't get any benefit.
The traders don't buy goods at the support price fixed by the government, the farmers are always at a loss.
We couldn't plant rice on time because it didn't rain on time, we're forced to farm relying on rain water.
The subsidy for agricultural materials that the government promised was limited to paper, the farmers didn't get it.
Due to climate change, the fertility of the soil has decreased, we're forced to put a lot of fertilizer to increase production.
Because the agriculture extension service is not effective, we couldn't get information about new technology.
Because there was no information about the land improvement program, many farmers couldn't benefit.
The government couldn't make the crop insurance program effective, many farmers didn't get insurance.
There is a very complicated process to get agriculture loan, it's difficult to get loan easily.
The import-export policy is not in the interest of the farmers, only the traders are benefiting.
The government didn't invest in agricultural infrastructure, so farmers are suffering.
After the government tightened pesticide use, it became difficult to control pests.
We didn't get the compost fertilizer the government promised on time, so we're forced to use chemical fertilizer.
The government didn't bother to inform us about agricultural programs, so many farmers are unaware.
Due to climate change, potato blight hit this year, and production decreased a lot.
Even the new seeds the government brought got diseased, and the fields are empty, what will we eat?
This year, the rice crop was flooded due to heavy rain, and the government didn't provide any relief.
Because there's no place to store potatoes in the hills, we're forced to sell them cheaply.
Only the leaders ate the subsidy money that the government was supposed to give to the farmers, what will we get?
Because of climate change, the corn dried up due to lack of rain, what will we eat now?
Because agricultural technicians don't come to the village, we couldn't treat the diseased crops.
The agricultural policy made by the government is not in the interest of farmers, only traders benefit.
Farmers suffered a lot because the government didn't send fertilizer on time, and production also decreased.
It's very difficult to get the agricultural loan that the government promised, the banks ask for a lot of collateral.
Due to climate change, unseasonal rain destroyed the crops, and the government did nothing.
The agricultural insurance company hesitates to pay crop compensation, farmers have a lot of trouble.
It's difficult to farm in the hills because the land is very small, a land reform program should be introduced.
The training that the government promised to give to the farmers was not effective, we are forced to farm in the old way.
Due to the import-export policy brought by the government, the price of local products has decreased, and farmers have suffered losses.
Pay special attention to protect livestock from foot-and-mouth disease infection during the purchase season.
Get your buffalo vaccinated on time to protect them from diseases, otherwise there could be a big loss.
PPR disease in goats can wipe out the whole herd, so be careful.
It is necessary to vaccinate chickens regularly to protect them from Ranikhet disease.
When beekeeping, the use of pesticides can destroy the beehive, so be careful.
In fish farming, if the water quality deteriorates, an epidemic can spread among the fish, so be aware.
In pig farming, a lack of cleanliness can cause various diseases, so pay attention.
Sheep are at risk of pneumonia in cold weather, so take proper care of them.
Get your Chyangra (mountain goat) checked regularly to protect them from diseases in the high mountainous region.
Toxins in animal feed can seriously affect the health of livestock, so pay attention to quality.
During the monsoon, animals are more likely to get foot-and-mouth disease, so take precautions.
Using poorly decomposed compost fertilizer can cause disease in crops.
Accidents can happen if you don't take safety measures when operating a power tiller.
Excessive use of pesticides in the field reduces soil fertility and has a negative impact on the environment.
Failure to insure livestock on time can result in significant financial loss in the event of an unexpected incident.
Incorrect dosage of medicine for livestock can have negative effects, so consult a doctor.
If you don't choose improved breeds when raising livestock, production may not increase as expected.
Production may decrease if animals are not regularly given deworming medicine.
If animals are taken to graze in random places, they can get sick from eating poisonous weeds.
When buying new animals during the purchasing season, there is a risk of disease transmission if they are mixed directly into the barn without being quarantined.
Failure to manage animal dung and urine properly can cause environmental pollution.
If animals don't get enough vitamins and minerals, their production can go down.
If you don't give animals enough water, they can have digestion problems.
If you don't clean the animal shed regularly, they can get different infections.
If there's too much crowding in the grazing area, diseases can spread more easily.
If you don't wash tree fodder properly before feeding it to cows, it can have pesticide effects.
If you don't keep buffaloes in a cool place during hot weather, they can get heat stroke.
If you let goats sleep on a cold floor, they're more likely to get pneumonia.
If you keep chickens in a damp place, they can get coccidiosis.
If you feed fish too much, the water can run out of oxygen and they might die.
If you keep pigs in a dirty place, they can get various diseases.
If you don't shear sheep on time, they can get skin infections.
If you make Chyangras carry heavy loads, they can have physical problems.
If you use moldy feed for animals, it can have toxic effects.
If you suspect an animal has foot-and-mouth disease and don't treat it quickly, it can spread to other animals.
If you're late renewing your livestock insurance, you might not get the insurance money if there's damage.
If you use antibiotics unnecessarily on animals, their resistance can decrease.
If you get an inexperienced person to do artificial insemination on animals, there can be problems.
If you throw away used needles and other materials carelessly after treating animals, it can spread infection.
If you feed animals feed from an unknown source, it can have serious health effects.
If you don't give animals salt regularly, they can have mineral deficiencies.
If the rope for tying the animal is too short, it can get hurt.
Tying the animal in the same place for too many days can cause wounds on its legs.
Taking the animal to a crowded market increases the risk of disease transmission.
Transporting the animal in an unsafe way can cause injury.
If a poisonous insect bites the animal and it's not treated immediately, it can die.
If you are not careful when using a grass cutting tool for the animal, an accident can happen.
If the animal gets electrocuted and isn't treated immediately, it can die.
Keeping the animal near a fire can cause burns and injuries.
When giving grass to the animal for the first time, give it in small amounts, otherwise it may get indigestion.
What documents are needed to get fertilizer subsidy this Rabi season, cooperative staff?
What is the interest rate on cooperative credit and how can it be obtained?
Climate change has affected the crops, so how to claim crop insurance this year?
Has the Agricultural Development Bank arranged microfinance for small farmers?
When is the government starting the agricultural subsidy program, can I get information?
What should I do to get a loan from the agricultural bank to buy a power tiller?
It's time to plant seeds but there's no rain this year, will I get a seed subsidy for planting now?
The crop didn't grow well even after using organic fertilizer, can I get compensation for this?
What happens if I am late in paying the loan taken from the cooperative?
This year insects have destroyed the crop, is there a subsidy for pesticides?
What things should be considered when taking out agricultural insurance for crops?
What kind of loan does the Agriculture Bank give to farmers?
Do you have to put land as collateral to get a loan from a cooperative?
We didn't get fertilizer this year during rice planting season, how to farm now?
How long does it take to get the grant money from the government?
How to claim insurance when insuring livestock?
What documents are needed to get subsidized loans from the Agriculture Bank?
Does the cooperative provide any help when climate change affects crops?
Potatoes didn't grow well this year, is there crop insurance for potatoes too?
What kind of encouragement does the Agricultural Development Bank give to young people to do agricultural business?
What should I do to apply for fertilizer at the cooperative?
How to get information about the grants the government gives to farmers?
Corn dried up this year because it didn't rain, what to do now?
What kind of application should I write to the cooperative to get an agricultural loan?
Where to submit the application for crop insurance?
Is the interest rate of Agricultural Development Bank lower than other banks?
What kind of collateral is required for the loan provided by the cooperative?
When does the government distribute seed grants?
This year, rice got stem borer disease, does the government provide medicine for it?
How old do you have to be to get an agricultural loan?
What happens if you can't repay the loan taken from the cooperative on time?
What do I need to open an account at the Agricultural Development Bank?
How long does it take to get crop insurance money?
How to make good use of the grant provided by the government?
I lost a lot in vegetable farming this year, is there any chance of getting some relief?
Can I apply for an agricultural loan online or not?
What kind of trainings are provided by the cooperative?
Does the government provide any assistance to use new technology in agriculture?
This year's paddy production is low, can I claim for agricultural insurance?
What kind of technical assistance does the Agricultural Development Bank provide to farmers?
How long does it take to get a loan from a cooperative?
How to get information about government grants on mobile?
This year wheat got diseased, can I get help from the agriculture office?
What training do I need to take to get an agricultural loan?
What is the procedure to get fertilizer from the cooperative?
Who to contact for the grant provided by the government?
This year's fruit production is low, can I apply for crop insurance?
How to repay the loan provided by the Agricultural Development Bank?
What is the interest rate to get a loan from a cooperative?
How to get information about the government's investment in the agricultural sector?
This year, the price of potatoes has fluctuated a lot in the market, so I have suggested that farmers engage in cooperative farming.
When using fertilizer, make sure to do a soil test, unnecessary fertilizer affects production.
To control pests in the fields, the correct amount of pesticide should be used.
It's time to plant rice this season, so pay attention to seed management.
Nowadays, with the convenience of online markets, agricultural products can be sold from the village itself.
Farmers are disappointed because vegetable prices have dropped a lot in the local market.
Plowing the field has become much easier with the use of a power tiller.
Farmers have received fair prices for their produce because of cooperative marketing.
I can help farmers prepare export documents.
It is difficult to find workers during the harvesting season.
Farmers have not been able to get a fair price for their produce because of middlemen.
Wheat production is expected to be good this Rabi season.
Price fluctuations have greatly affected farmers.
Farmers should be encouraged to sell directly.
New methods should be adopted to increase demand in the local market.
This year, I have suggested using organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
I am ready to help prepare the documents needed for export.
Farmers have benefited a lot from the cooperative farming system.
It is easier to control weeds when using mulch in the field.
These days, many farmers have started selling their produce in the online market.
Direct sales benefit both consumers and farmers.
This monsoon season, the corn farming is good.
Farmers are disappointed because they didn't get good price in the wholesale market.
Cooperative marketing has helped farmers to get organized.
Training is needed to sell their products in the local market.
The use of modern technology has helped farmers a lot.
Farmers can be given price information from mobile.
Farmers should focus on direct sales because middlemen take a lot of profit.
There has been a lot of fluctuation in the price of potatoes this year.
There was a lot of damage because it rained during the rice harvesting time.
There is a possibility that production will decrease this year due to lack of fertilizer.
Training should be given on how to take photos to sell goods in the online market.
Production should be done according to the demand in the local market.
Small farmers have also benefited due to cooperative marketing.
Farmers have been cheated because they don't know the price in the wholesale market.
It rained a lot this year during the rice seedling planting time.
Farmers should be given information about the use of fertilizer.
Cooperative organizations should be strengthened to remove middlemen.
Quality should be focused on to increase the price in the local market.
Farmers should be given information about the things to consider when exporting.
This winter season, the mustard farming is good.
We need info on how to create an account to sell our product in online market.
Because of cooperative marketing, farmers are getting the right price for their product.
To avoid price fluctuations, we should participate in insurance plans.
We should give training to produce according to the demand in the local market.
Farmers are worried because wheat production is not good this year.
We should take safety measures while using pesticides.
Middlemen cheat farmers, so this should be stopped.
We should provide the necessary information to create export documents.
Because of cooperative marketing, farmers are aware about the market.
The flood washed everything away, don't know when to put compost in this greenhouse!
There's always a shortage of this urea fertilizer, never get it on time, what to do!
Always have to stand in line when it's time to put DAP fertilizer, when to work?
The process of government subsidy on chemical fertilizer is very complicated.
Couldn't find potash fertilizer when planting potatoes, how will the production be good now?
The crop was destroyed because we didn't get information about fertilizer at the right time.
The soil is ruined by using too much chemical fertilizer, what to do now?
This Rabi season crop will also be ruined because of not getting fertilizer on time.
The plants turned yellow because we couldn't fertilize in pre-monsoon.
When it was time to fertilize in monsoon, the flood swept it away, what to do now?
Many farmers are complaining that production has decreased due to untimely fertilizing.
The thing about giving young farmers priority for fertilizer, it just stayed on paper.
It would have been good to get training on fertilizer use in this greenhouse.
Because of the fertilizer shortage, this spring's vegetables didn't turn out well either.
I'm thinking of using organic fertilizer, but it's hard because of the hassle of making it.
It's time to find an alternative to chemical fertilizer, but who will do it?
When fertilizer isn't used at the right time, the pest infestation in the field increases.
There's no one to give information about fertilizer, who to ask?
It's a big problem when we don't get the fertilizer subsidy from the government on time.
This year the price of fertilizer has skyrocketed, how to farm?
We should do soil testing about fertilizer use, but who does it?
Many farmers are disappointed because fertilizer management isn't good.
It's a problem because it takes a long time to make compost fertilizer.
Farmers are suffering because of the black market for urea fertilizer.
Because I couldn't get DAP fertilizer, I was late planting rice this year.
Potato production is going to decrease due to the lack of potash fertilizer.
Many people's crops were ruined because the fertilizer schedule was off.
We should reduce the use of chemical fertilizer, but there is no alternative.
Wheat production decreased because I didn't get fertilizer in the Rabi season.
The corn turned yellow because I couldn't put fertilizer in during the pre-monsoon.
When it was time to put fertilizer in during the monsoon, a landslide buried the field.
We should give young farmers info about fertilizer, but who will?
Vegetable production decreased in the spring because we didn't get fertilizer.
We should encourage the use of organic fertilizer, but who will do it?
The government should pay attention to finding alternatives to chemical fertilizer.
We should give training about fertilizer use, but who will give it?
Fertilizer management should be done well, but who will do it?
We should teach an easy way to make compost fertilizer.
The supply of urea fertilizer should be made easier.
The price of DAP fertilizer should be reduced.
The availability of potash fertilizer should be increased.
The fertilizer schedule should be managed.
We should spread awareness to reduce the use of chemical fertilizer.
Fertilizer management for the Rabi season should be done on time.
Fertilizer management for the pre-monsoon should be done on time.
Fertilizer management for the monsoon should be done on time.
Fertilizer management for the spring season should be done on time.
Plant this improved seed variety, the production will be good, the vet said.
We are thinking of using hybrid seeds this year, a female farmer said.
Local seeds are easily available, but what about the quality? the vet asked.
If you treat the seeds before planting, the plants will be healthy, he added.
This is certified seed, plant it without worry, the vet said.
I don't know how to store seeds, can you teach me? a farmer asked.
Will it rain this seed planting season or not? a woman worried.
Which seed would be good for the Rabi season? a farmer asked.
Will we get a good price during the harvest season or not? a woman asked.
You must plant the seeds before the monsoon starts, the vet suggested.
How easy it is to plow the field with this power tiller, huh? a farmer said.
Fertilizer should be used correctly, the vet advised.
The lack of irrigation equipment is causing problems, a woman complained.
The use of pesticides should be reduced, the vet suggested.
You shouldn't buy seeds without checking the quality, he added.
How many days will it take for this seed to germinate after planting? a farmer asked.
Has the price of seeds increased or decreased this year? a woman asked.
I'm in a situation where I have to take a loan for seeds, a farmer expressed sadly.
Seed selection is important for good production, the vet said.
What is the probability of this seed getting diseased? a woman asked.
Soil testing should be done before planting seeds, he advised.
How long can this seed be stored? a farmer asked.
What things should be considered when treating seeds? a woman inquired.
Hybrid seeds are a bit expensive, the vet informed.
I hear local seeds don't produce much, a farmer said.
What to do if the seed quality goes bad? a woman worried.
How much water does this seed need after planting? a farmer asked.
Are there any subsidies for seeds? a woman asked.
What's the best way to plant this seed? a farmer asked.
Where can I find more information about the seed? a woman asked.
We can benefit a lot by using improved seeds, the vet said.
How much yield do you think hybrid seeds will give? a farmer asked.
I'm worried that local seeds are disappearing, a woman said.
If the seed quality isn't good, all the hard work goes to waste, the vet said.
Only plant after treating the seeds, I keep saying, he emphasized.
What are the things to keep in mind when storing seeds? a farmer asked.
How much fertilizer should I put when planting this seed this season? a woman asked.
Does this seed produce well in the Rabi season? a farmer asked.
What should be done to get a good price during harvest season? a woman asked.
There's a fear of the seeds rotting if it rains too much in the monsoon, the vet said.
I don't have money to buy a power tiller, what to do? a farmer complained.
Proper use of fertilizer keeps the soil healthy, the vet said.
Does the government provide any assistance for irrigation equipment? a woman asked.
The use of pesticides affects the environment, the vet warned.
Only plant the seeds after making sure the quality is good, he said again.
How many times do I need to weed after planting this seed? a farmer asked.
The price of seeds has skyrocketed this time, a woman complained.
How do I get a loan for seeds? a farmer asked.
Both seed selection and treatment are important for good production, said the vet.
What should I do immediately if this seed gets a disease? a woman worried.
In hilly areas, mix the right combination of weeds and manure to make compost fertilizer.
Only use urea fertilizer after testing the soil, otherwise the soil may be damaged.
Form a farmer group and take training on using bio-fertilizers, it's very beneficial.
There is a risk of chemical fertilizers being washed away by water during the rainy season, so use them sparingly.
To get fertilizer subsidies, go to the agriculture office with your land certificate and citizenship.
Instead of DAP fertilizer, strengthen the soil by using organic fertilizer before planting wheat seeds.
Register your name in the cooperative to get fertilizer on time.
The use of potash fertilizer helps to increase potato production, but use it only after checking the soil condition.
Using too much chemical fertilizer reduces soil fertility, so use balanced fertilizer.
Consult an agricultural technician to know the correct amount of fertilizer to use when planting rice.
Report those who sell subsidized fertilizer on the black market, it is the country's property.
Prioritize earthworm fertilizer when making compost fertilizer, it greatly benefits the soil.
The process of providing subsidies on fertilizers should be simplified to attract youth to agriculture.
Before planting winter crops, get a soil test to find out the amount of chemical fertilizer needed in the soil.
Using organic fertilizer for vegetable farming is good for health and you get good price in the market too.
When using fertilizer, do it according to the soil type, the same fertilizer might not work for all soils.
Register your name to participate in the fertilizer subsidy program distributed by the rural municipality.
Start using bio-fertilizers as an alternative to chemical fertilizers, it also protects the environment.
Manage fertilizer properly, otherwise it can mix with water and pollute the environment.
Excessive use of chemical fertilizers has a negative impact on human health, so reduce its use.
Online system should be started to remove the compulsion of standing in line to get subsidized fertilizer.
Use fertilizer according to the advice of agricultural experts, otherwise the crop may be damaged.
Farmers should be trained to make compost fertilizer, which will reduce the use of chemical fertilizers.
When using fertilizer in the rainy season, use it in a way that it is not washed away by water, like making a pit.
Participate in the soil testing camp to identify the problems in the soil.
The use of urea fertilizer makes the soil acidic, so reduce its use.
If there is any irregularity in the fertilizer subsidy program, immediately inform the agriculture office.
The use of DAP fertilizer strengthens the roots, but do not use more than necessary.
Production may decrease if fertilizer is not used at the right time, so make a schedule.
The use of organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer should be encouraged.
Contact an agricultural expert to learn how to make compost fertilizer.
Collect the necessary documents to apply for fertilizer subsidy.
When using fertilizer, pay attention to the elements that increase the fertility of the soil.
The use of urea fertilizer makes the leaves green, but its excessive use weakens the crop.
Submit your land details to participate in the fertilizer subsidy program.
Using DAP fertilizer provides the phosphorus that crops need.
When using fertilizer, be careful to keep the soil pH balanced.
There should be subsidies to encourage farmers to use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
Adopt the method of using earthworms to make compost fertilizer.
Take training to learn how to fill out the online form for fertilizer subsidy.
When using fertilizer, adjust the amount of nutrients needed according to the type of soil.
Using urea fertilizer increases the amount of nitrogen, but its excessive use pollutes the environment.
Contact your local agricultural cooperative to participate in the fertilizer subsidy program.
Using DAP fertilizer helps to strengthen the roots of crops, but use it only after testing the soil.
Use various types of organic materials to make compost fertilizer.
To apply for fertilizer subsidy, fill in your name, address, and land details correctly.
Farmers should be trained on the production and use of organic fertilizers to reduce the use of chemical fertilizers.
When using fertilizer, the balance of microorganisms in the soil should not be disturbed.
Save the soil by using organic fertilizer instead of spoiling it by using excessive chemical fertilizer.
Use fertilizer at the right time, using it late may not result in good crop production.
Get into cooperative farming to get a good price in the wholesale market, it will be beneficial.
Focus on organic production to increase demand in the local market.
Arrange for storage to avoid price fluctuations.
Arrange to sell directly to consumers to stop the manipulation of middlemen.
Cooperative marketing makes things easier for you all, right?
Take training to sell your product in the online market.
The cooperative helps make the documents needed for exporting.
Use less pesticide this season.
Only use fertilizer after testing the soil.
Create a suitable environment for good plant growth.
Save both time and labor by using a tractor.
Pay special attention to protect crops during the rainy season.
Use improved seeds during the planting season.
Get ready to plant new plants in the spring season.
Strengthen the polyhouse to protect it from pre-monsoon storms.
Increase the quality of your product to compete in the local market.
Use a mobile app to get price information in the wholesale market.
Study the market to keep track of price fluctuations.
Work in groups to avoid losses caused by middlemen.
Build good relationships with customers when selling directly.
Get information about government subsidies for cooperative marketing.
Register your shop to sell goods in the online market.
Prepare all the documents required for export on time.
Use organic pesticides this season to protect against insects.
Use compost fertilizer to increase the fertility of the soil.
Manage fertilizer for the nutrients needed by the plants.
Contact the cooperative to get a tractor on rent for plowing the field.
Arrange proper drainage to prevent water from accumulating during the rainy season.
Use improved seeds during the planting season.
It is appropriate to plant fruit plants in the spring season.
Arrange irrigation to prevent crops from lacking water in the pre-monsoon.
Promote your product in the local market.
Pay attention to quality to increase the demand for your product in the wholesale market.
Get agricultural insurance to avoid price fluctuations.
Work with farmer groups to reduce middlemen.
Brand your product to sell directly to consumers.
Participate in discussions to create new plans for cooperative marketing.
Pay attention when setting prices for goods in the online market.
Get information about the fees involved in exporting.
It is good to use urea fertilizer when planting rice.
Get information about the growth hormones needed to increase production.
Contact the cooperative for rice seeds this year.
It's time to plant potatoes now, arrange for fertilizer.
The price of tomatoes is good in the local market this time.
Middlemen are making too much profit, it would be great if we could sell directly.
In online markets, customers return the goods if they don't like them.
To send goods abroad, you need to make export documents.
Cooperatives help to protect from price fluctuations.
Take safety measures when using pesticides.
Let's start building a plastic tunnel now, we can reduce the impact of climate change.
After using compost fertilizer in the field, the soil health has improved.
I only just found out that we should only put chemical fertilizer after testing the soil.
Since there was less rain this year, we need to increase the use of irrigation.
Due to excessive soil erosion, the fertility of the field is decreasing.
To make compost fertilizer, we need to collect livestock manure and agricultural waste.
The problem of water accumulation during the rainy season washes away the fertile soil in the field.
I heard that crop rotation increases soil fertility, I'll test it this time.
Using green manure instead of chemical fertilizer is very beneficial for the soil.
Farmers must make a collective effort to stop land degradation.
After sowing wheat in winter, mulching the field is very beneficial for the plants.
After taking compost fertilizer training, it became easier to make fertilizer.
Due to improper water management in the fields, the soil fertility is decreasing.
This year, I have applied to the agriculture office to get the soil tested before planting rice.
Using compost fertilizer can reduce the use of chemical fertilizer.
If you plant the same crop repeatedly, the soil fertility decreases.
I found out that using green manure increases the amount of nitrogen in the soil.
To prevent soil erosion, you should plant trees around the field.
Using modern equipment for irrigation saves water.
Local resources should be used to make compost fertilizer.
Soil testing reveals what the soil lacks, and fertilizer can be used accordingly.
Nowadays, the health of the soil is deteriorating due to the increased use of chemical fertilizers in the fields.
Mulching in the field prevents weeds from growing and also maintains soil moisture.
Adopting crop rotation reduces the chance of soil-borne diseases.
Using green manure reduces the need for chemical fertilizers and also saves money.
Continuous drought has increased land degradation.
I will learn how to make compost fertilizer and teach other farmers in the village too.
Applying fertilizer without testing the soil can harm the crop instead of helping it.
When irrigating fields, water should be used properly, not wasted.
To prevent soil erosion, grass should be planted on the edges of the field.
When making compost fertilizer, the correct proportion of organic matter should be mixed.
This year the production will decrease because the fertile soil is washed away from the field.
Planting trees around the field reduces soil erosion and also balances the environment.
Using compost fertilizer increases the water absorption capacity of the soil.
Farmers should work together to increase the fertility of the land.
This time, we should get the soil tested before planting winter crops.
Excessive use of chemical fertilizers destroys the natural quality of the soil.
Mulching in the field helps to maintain a balanced soil temperature.
Crop rotation reduces the incidence of diseases and pests in the soil.
The use of green manure improves the physical, chemical, and biological quality of the soil.
Crop production has decreased due to land degradation.
Various types of organic waste can be used to make compost fertilizer.
Agricultural technicians said that production increases only when fertilizer is used after soil testing.
Organic methods should be adopted to prevent soil erosion.
Using compost fertilizer provides the soil with the necessary nutrients.
The fertility of the soil has increased since we started using compost fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
I've heard that it's good to sow and plow green manure in the field before planting rice.
Be careful when transporting seeds as the risk of landslides has increased in the monsoon.
Drought can affect seed production, so arrange for irrigation.
Hail can damage newly germinated plants, so only plant seeds after checking the weather forecast.
Store seeds in a safe place as the risk of flooding has increased.
Climate change can affect seed quality, so choose seeds according to the local climate.
Seeds can be wasted if weather information is not received on time, so listen to local radio.
Plan to supply seeds on time as demand may increase, otherwise farmers may suffer.
The monsoon is likely to start late this year, so don't rush to plant seeds.
Use pesticides carefully to protect seeds from diseases.
If there's continuous drought, think about how to arrange water for the seeds.
Pay attention to seed diversity for climate adaptation.
Be prepared to protect seeds because unexpected floods can come.
Landslides can cause problems in seed distribution, arrange an alternative route.
Choose the type of seed considering the changes in weather forecast.
Seed prices may increase due to drought, so buy and store seeds now.
Irrigate early in the morning to protect seeds from frost.
Climate change can cause new diseases, so be alert.
When transporting seeds in the rainy season, water can damage them, cover them well with plastic.
If there is a possibility of hail, move the seeds to a safe place.
Seeds may need to be provided immediately to farmers affected by flood risk.
Yields may decrease if seeds are not planted according to the season.
Continuous rain during the monsoon can rot the seeds, so store them only after drying them well.
Look for alternative water sources for seeds during drought.
Hail can destroy seed plants, so put netting in the field.
Frost can reduce seed production, so take precautions in time.
Floods can wash away seeds, so build a dam around the field.
Climate change can change the seed life cycle, keep studying it.
Landslides can block roads during the monsoon, so find an alternative route for seed transport.
Drought affects seed production, so choose drought-resistant seeds.
Hail can reduce seed quality, so use hail-resistant seeds.
To protect seeds from frost, create smoke in the field.
Flood water can contaminate seeds, so wash the seeds with clean water.
Climate change can add new challenges for seeds, be prepared.
Excessive rainfall during monsoon can cause problems with seed supply, manage seeds on time.
Due to drought, farmers may not be able to buy seeds, so ask the government for help.
Hail can damage the seed warehouse, so strengthen the warehouse.
Seedlings die due to frost, so cover the field with plastic.
Floods can submerge the seed field, so build the field in a high place.
Seed production may decrease due to climate change, so use new technology.
Due to increased risk of landslides in monsoon, arrange for safe seed storage.
Seed demand may increase due to drought, so control seed prices.
Hail can damage seed seedlings, so report the damaged seeds immediately.
Consult with agricultural experts on time to protect seeds from frost.
Seed distribution may be delayed due to floods, so arrange for alternative distribution.
If you ruin the crop by using chemical fertilizers while doing organic farming in a greenhouse, it's difficult to get an insurance claim, okay?
This greenhouse was built by taking a loan from the cooperative, but if I can't pay on time, there is a fear of land auction.
Pests can increase when growing off-season vegetables in this season, so pay attention to the use of organic pesticides.
If the loan taken from the Agricultural Bank is not repaid on time, the interest will keep increasing, be careful.
Using too much fertilizer to produce more can decrease the soil's fertility, okay?
It rained a lot this monsoon; if the crops are damaged, apply for insurance immediately.
If the seeds subsidized by the government are of poor quality, production might not be good.
If you don't control the temperature and humidity in the greenhouse, the plants might die.
Taking loans from local cooperatives can mean paying high interest rates, so understand it before taking.
If you're found using chemical fertilizers while doing organic farming, the government subsidy might be stopped.
To claim insurance, you need to show proof that you planted crops, don't forget.
This year, the interest rate on loans provided by Agricultural Development Bank has increased, so be informed.
If you don't repay the loan taken from microfinance on time, you might be blacklisted.
Think carefully before mortgaging land to take an agricultural loan.
When filling out the form for the government subsidy, fill in all the details correctly, otherwise it might be canceled.
Since this technology is new, you might have problems starting a greenhouse without training.
If the quality of the seeds is not good, production may decrease, so pay attention when buying seeds.
If you don't do agricultural insurance on time, you could suffer a big loss if the crops are damaged.
If you take a loan from a cooperative and invest it in other things, it might be difficult to repay the loan.
When applying for the government subsidy, all documents are required, otherwise it might not be approved.
If you take out a large loan and invest a lot, you may have trouble repaying the loan if you don't get a good price in the market.
If you only use chemical fertilizers without using organic fertilizers, the soil can be damaged.
If you are late in paying installments, the interest rate on agricultural loans is likely to increase.
If you provide false information when applying for crop insurance, the claim may not be paid.
The government has cut agricultural subsidies this time, so be careful when investing.
If you sign loan documents from the cooperative without reading them carefully, you might have problems later.
If there's a fire in the greenhouse, the insurance might not cover it, so make security arrangements.
It might be difficult to get a loan if you don't meet the standards set by the Agricultural Bank.
If you don't take safety measures when using pesticides, it can seriously affect your health.
Production may decrease due to lack of fertilizer on time, so plan for fertilizer in advance.
There is a possibility of drought this year, so manage water well.
If you don't participate in the cooperative's general meeting, you may not be able to express your opinion on important decisions.
If you don't test the soil before planting, you won't know what's lacking in the soil and your investment may be wasted.
If you can't repay the loan and the land is auctioned, it can cause problems for the family, so take the loan carefully.
When taking seeds from the agriculture office, you might get expired seeds, so check the date before taking them.
If you don't consider the wind direction when spraying pesticides, it can affect you.
This year the government has reduced the subsidy on agricultural tools, so it may be difficult to buy them.
If you take a loan from the cooperative and spend it on personal things, the business may fail.
If you take out an insurance policy without understanding it properly, you may have problems claiming it later.
Due to heavy rainfall this year, late blight can affect potatoes, so spray medicine on time.
If you submit false documents for government subsidies, you may even have to go to jail.
When opening an account at the cooperative, keep your personal information safe, it may be misused.
If you don't provide details of all crops when insuring them, you may not get full compensation if there is damage.
Read the rules and conditions set by the bank carefully when taking out an agricultural loan.
If you don't pay greenhouse workers fair wages, they might quit.
If you don't get info about government grants on time, you might miss out.
This year fertilizer prices are up, so it's better to switch to organic fertilizer.
If there are too many members in the cooperative, it might be hard to get a loan.
If you don't apply for crop insurance on time, you might not get compensation if there's damage.
If the documents aren't complete when applying for an agriculture bank loan, the loan might not get approved.
Sister, you can earn good money selling yak wool clothes, register your name at the cooperative for training.
Keep buffaloes in a cool place during the summer, it helps with milk production.
Come to understand the livestock insurance plan, it gives relief from unexpected events.
Cow feed is available at subsidized rates from the cooperative, contact them today.
Seeds for mushroom farming are available at the cooperative, training is also provided.
The cooperative gives loans for fish farming, fill out the form.
Medicine and vaccines for goats are always available at the cooperative office.
Register for training to make poultry farming more systematic.
To earn good income from beekeeping, the cooperative provides modern beehives.
Contact the cooperative to get cheap feed needed for pig farming.
Take training to learn new technology to increase income from sheep wool.
If you need fertilizer for cardamom farming, apply to the cooperative.
Climate change can affect the health of yaks, show them to the vet on time.
Vaccinate livestock to protect them from pre-monsoon diseases.
The cooperative is distributing improved breed cow semen, contact them soon.
This year the rice seedlings were planted late, now we need to put fertilizer on time.
There is training at the cooperative to learn how to make compost fertilizer.
The cooperative gives subsidies for power tillers, submit an application.
Get your soil tested during planting season, it will increase production.
Find a good place for livestock to graze after the monsoon.
The cooperative gives subsidies for animal feed, submit an application.
Come to the meeting to discuss the impact of climate change on yak farming.
The cooperative has brought a special program for women farmers, get information.
The cooperative gives agricultural loans at low interest rates, contact them immediately.
Submit the necessary documents to the cooperative for livestock insurance.
The cooperative rents out agricultural tools, register your name.
Contact the cooperative if you have any problems related to agriculture.
The cooperative is conducting goat rearing training for women, participate.
The cooperative is conducting a free health camp for farmers, take advantage of it.
The cooperative is distributing improved breed chicken chicks, contact them.
The cooperative provides the necessary materials for making beehives.
The cooperative provides medicines needed for pigs at subsidized rates.
The cooperative provides training on processing sheep wool, participate.
Come to the cooperative to take training on yak milk products.
This year, the cooperative brought improved grass seeds for feeding the cows.
The cooperative helps build water ponds to protect the buffaloes from the heat.
The cooperative called health workers to provide information about goat diseases.
Chickens need to be vaccinated regularly, the cooperative has arranged for vaccines.
The cooperative provides training to keep beehives safe, participate in the training.
The cooperative distributes medicine to keep pigs healthy, come and get the medicine.
The cooperative brought a wool processing machine to earn good income from sheep wool.
Register your name at the cooperative to take training on producing gas from yak dung.
Medicines needed for cows are available at subsidized rates at the cooperative.
Contact the cooperative to take training on making yogurt from buffalo milk.
Grass seeds for goats are available at the cooperative, take them immediately.
The cooperative provides necessary information for poultry farming, contact them.
The cooperative provides equipment needed for beekeeping at a cheap price.
The cooperative provides technical assistance for pig farming, contact them.
The cooperative finds a market to sell clothes made from sheep wool, don't worry.
The cooperative helps to earn a lot of income by selling yak milk and ghee, register your name.
How is the garlic seed this year, is the seed brought from the Agricultural Development Bank good or not?
What kind of effect will the use of this fertilizer have on wheat production?
What kind of pesticide is good to use when planting potatoes, sir?
Where can I find improved seeds for planting rice?
Is this a good season to plant orange seedlings or not?
What would be profitable to plant in this year's winter crops?
It's hard to even find corn seeds in our village, where should we get them from?
How do you think this year's rain will affect vegetable farming?
How many ropanis will this lentil seed cover, please let me know.
What will be the price of cardamom this year, any idea?
When will the subsidized fertilizer from the government reach the farmers?
What kind of fertilizer is good to use when planting rice, sir?
What should be done to protect potatoes from diseases, please advise.
What's the method for planting this wheat seed, please tell me a little bit.
What kind of fruit would be good to plant this season?
What kind of medicine should be put on lentil seeds, please let me know.
What is the estimated rice production this year?
What should be done to control pests in wheat crops?
When will the distribution of corn seeds start?
Will this pesticide kill the cabbage worms or not?
Please give some information about the place to store rice seeds.
What do you think the orange production will be like this year?
When is the time to plant lentil seeds, please let me know.
Do you know what the government-set support price for rice is?
How will this time's rain affect the rice farming?
How to protect wheat seeds from diseases?
How much land is this corn seed for?
What things should we consider when using pesticides?
What would be profitable to plant this winter season?
Where can I find rice seeds, please let me know.
Is this a good time to plant orange seedlings or not?
What kind of fertilizer is good to use for lentil seeds?
How will the rice production be affected this year?
What to do if wheat crops are infested with insects?
Until when will the corn seeds be distributed?
Does this pesticide kill cabbage worms or not, please let me know.
How will the orange production be this year, can we estimate?
When is the time to plant lentil seeds, please let me know.
What is the support price of rice fixed by the government, do you know anything?
How will this time's rain affect rice farming, can you say something?
How to protect wheat seeds from diseases, are there any solutions?
How much land is this corn seed sufficient for?
What precautions should be taken when using pesticides?
What can be planted this winter season for good income?
Where can I find rice seeds, can you give me some info?
Is it okay to plant orange seedlings this time or not, please tell me.
What kind of fertilizer is good to use for lentil seeds, please advise.
How will the rice production be this year, any guess?
What to do if wheat crops get infested with insects, please give information.
Until when will corn seeds be distributed, any news?
Plant improved seeds before the monsoon starts, there will be good production.
Since the weather forecast shows a possibility of drought this year, adopt water conservation measures.
To protect crops from hail, put nets in the fields.
Before planting winter crops, get the soil tested and use fertilizer accordingly.
Those who have houses in flood-prone areas, pay attention to the early warning system to go to a safe place.
To avoid the risk of landslides, plant trees on sloping land.
Determine the time of planting crops keeping in mind the weather forecast.
To combat climate change, manage water properly and plant drought-resistant crops.
Before planting crops, get weather information from the local agriculture office.
When choosing wheat seeds for the Rabi season, choose those with disease resistance.
Increase the use of organic fertilizer when growing vegetables in the spring season.
To protect crops from pre-monsoon storms, put up strong fences.
Cover the plants with plastic to protect them from cold waves in winter.
Repair the necessary equipment for irrigation on time.
Use organic waste to make compost fertilizer.
Mulch the field to preserve soil moisture.
Consult with an agriculture expert about the growth hormones needed for plants.
Treat the seeds with fungicide before planting rice in the monsoon.
Use drip irrigation technology to avoid drought.
Cover crops with tarpaulin to protect them during hailstorms.
Water potatoes early in the morning to protect them from frost.
Build dams around the field to reduce the risk of flooding.
Adopt soil conservation measures to control landslides.
Get weather forecast information from a mobile app.
Learn new technologies for climate adaptation.
Cultivate rice in places where water accumulates during the rainy season.
Arrange good irrigation when cultivating wheat during the winter.
Using compost fertilizer in the field increases soil fertility.
Get a soil test to find out the amount of water needed for the plants.
Make sure water doesn't accumulate in the field because it rains continuously in the monsoon.
Plant crops that consume less water during drought.
Cover fruits that can be damaged by hail with netting.
Build plastic tunnels to protect crops from the cold in winter.
Take your pets to a safe place before the flood comes.
Don't build houses in places with landslide risk.
You can get weather forecast information from the radio too.
Focus on organic farming to reduce the effects of climate change.
When planting mustard in the Rabi season, fertilize and water it on time.
It is best to plant fruit plants in the spring season.
Be careful, there is a chance of storms in the pre-monsoon.
Use water wisely when irrigating, don't waste it.
Reduce the use of chemical fertilizers when making compost fertilizer.
Mulching prevents weeds from growing and maintains soil moisture.
The use of growth hormones speeds up plant development.
Use improved seeds when planting rice in the monsoon.
Build a pond to manage water for irrigation during droughts.
Put netting on fruit plants to protect them from hail.
When growing potatoes in winter, make sure to use enough fertilizer.
Build ridges around the field to protect crops from floods.
To avoid landslides, cultivate land on slopes by terracing.
Why is the price of tomatoes so unstable in the local market here?
Due to the changing weather, the price of potatoes fluctuated a lot this year.
Farmers can get good prices through cooperative marketing.
Crop production decreased this year due to lack of fertilizer, so the price increased.
Because of the middlemen, farmers are not getting fair prices for their produce.
What are the procedures to sell our products in the online market?
Is there anyone here who can help with export documentation?
Many farmers' crops dried up in the Rabi season because it didn't rain.
This year, there were many problems planting rice because it didn't rain on time.
Because of climate change, many crops were destroyed due to unseasonal rain.
Many farmers' fields were washed away by the pre-monsoon floods.
The soil fertility is decreasing due to the use of chemical fertilizers.
What do we need to do to get subsidies on irrigation equipment?
When is the compost fertilizer making training?
Where should I go to learn the skill of operating a power tiller?
What effect does the use of growth hormones have on crops?
Farmers always have to bear losses when they only rely on the local market.
Small farmers are suffering because they don't have access to wholesale markets.
It is difficult for farmers to plan because of price fluctuations.
You can build good relationships with customers by selling directly.
How does cooperative marketing help farmers?
Where should I go to get training for online marketing?
How much does it cost to prepare export documents?
What was the price of wheat like in the Rabi season?
The rice production decreased due to lack of water during the planting season.
This time, the rice rotted because of too much rain during the harvest season.
The pre-monsoon storm caused major damage to the corn crop.
What do I need to apply for irrigation equipment?
A power tiller makes work faster, but it costs a lot.
We should organize a program to give information about growth hormones.
Do you know how middlemen cheat farmers?
You can find out customer feedback when selling directly.
We need to bring some new plans for cooperative marketing.
How much commission does it cost to sell goods in the online market?
Which office should I go to for export documents?
What are the benefits of growing vegetables in the Rabi season?
How does not being able to plant rice on time affect production?
It is difficult to find people to work during the harvest season.
How to protect ourselves from natural disasters during pre-monsoon?
Is there any way to find out the price in the wholesale market?
Farmers are worried because of the increase in fertilizer prices.
What can be done to increase competition in the local market?
A haat bazaar can be set up in the village for direct sales.
Online marketing provides employment opportunities for young people.
Power tillers cost a lot to repair.
How much does using compost fertilizer benefit the soil?
What kind of crops can be planted in the Rabi season?
If you can't harvest crops on time, there will be a lot of loss.
The process of making export documents should be simplified.
If you put too much fertilizer on cardamom plants, the roots can rot and the plant can die, so be careful.
If there is no proper irrigation when growing wheat in the Terai, production may decrease.
Planting cardamom in places where water accumulates can be harmful.
Excessive use of chemical fertilizers reduces soil fertility, it is better to use organic fertilizer.
There is a high possibility of disease when growing vegetables out of season, so pay attention.
Cardamom plants must be protected from the cold in winter, otherwise the plants may die.
If the seeds are not properly selected when planting rice, it will affect production.
If you plant cardamom without testing the soil, the plants may not grow well.
If you use too much pesticide, the beneficial organisms in the soil die, which causes long-term damage.
If cardamom diseases are not identified and treated in time, the entire garden can be destroyed.
Corn production may decrease if old seeds are used instead of improved seeds.
There is a possibility that lentils will rot and die when planted in waterlogged fields during the rainy season.
Cardamom production may decrease if fertilizer is not available on time, so manage it on time.
If you don't regularly check fruit trees for pests, the tree may die.
If the equipment used for irrigation is not regularly maintained, it may not work on time.
If you don't control the damage from wild animals in cardamom farming on time, you can lose a lot.
If you don't check the soil's acidity before planting crops, it can affect production.
If you don't maintain proper distance when planting cardamom seedlings, the plants won't grow well.
If you plant cardamom in a sunny place, the plants are in danger of drying out.
Grains grown using too many chemicals can be harmful to health.
To protect cardamom plants from rhizome rot, you should use medicine on time.
You should regularly spray pesticides to protect vegetable crops like garlic and onions from diseases, otherwise the crops may be destroyed.
When making a cardamom nursery, special attention should be paid to protect the seedlings from fungus.
Make sure water doesn't collect in the ground where you plant cardamom, otherwise the roots will rot.
If the cardamom plant lacks the necessary nutrients, production may decrease.
If you don't use compost fertilizer to increase soil fertility when farming cardamom, production may decrease.
If you don't water and fertilize the cardamom plant on time, production may decrease.
If wheat crop is not irrigated on time, production may decrease.
If the infestation of insects in maize increases, the crop may be destroyed if pesticides are not used immediately.
If you plant potatoes without checking the soil moisture, there may be no production.
If you don't weed the cardamom seedlings, weeds will cover them and the seedlings may die.
If the amount of pesticide used in cardamom farming is not adjusted properly, it can affect the plant.
If you don't pay attention to the time of planting seeds in paddy farming, production may decrease.
You must protect the roots from injury when planting cardamom seedlings.
If the citrus trunk borer infesting orange trees is not treated on time, the tree may dry out.
To protect cardamom from storms, you need to put up a strong fence.
If you plant cardamom seedlings in a place with too much water, the roots might rot and they could die.
If you farm cardamom without knowing about the different diseases that affect the plants, you might lose money.
If you don't use fertilizer according to the soil type when farming cardamom, the production will be affected.
If you don't prune the cardamom plant from time to time, the production might decrease.
If you don't use plastic tunnels to protect vegetables from the cold in winter, the crops might be destroyed.
If you don't provide shade to protect cardamom seedlings from extreme heat, the seedlings might dry out.
If you farm cardamom without knowing about the suitable climate, you might not succeed.
If you don't check the amount of organic matter needed in the soil before planting cardamom seedlings, the seedlings might not grow well.
If you don't manage the amount of water needed for the cardamom plant, the plant might die.
If you don't use modern technology in cardamom farming, production might decrease.
If you can't identify diseases affecting the cardamom plant in time, there might be a big loss in production.
If you don't use organic pesticides to protect the cardamom plant from insects, chemical pesticides will affect the soil.
If you don't regularly fertilize, water, and weed the cardamom plant, production might decrease.
There are complaints coming in about the quality of animal feed for sheep farming.
It's been a long time since I insured the cow, but I haven't received the money yet.
I couldn't find enough information here about goat diseases.
The price of feed has increased in chicken farming, it would be a relief if there was a subsidy.
Many farmers are demanding training for fish farming.
There was no one to teach how to use new technology in pig farming.
It's a problem not having a yak wool processing industry.
Many are complaining that honey production has decreased in beekeeping.
Farmers don't know how to keep buffalo cool in the summer.
It's a problem not finding a good market to sell sheep wool.
Medicine needed for cattle is not always available.
It's hard to get a loan to build a goat shed.
The business is at risk because we didn't get chicken chicks on time.
It's very difficult to get fish fry too.
Where to go, who to ask to find a good breed for pigs?
Yak milk is going to waste because there's no place to sell it.
The government grant to build beehives wasn't received on time.
Even the agriculture office didn't have information about good buffalo breeds.
There's a complaint of not getting proper training for sheep farming.
Foot and mouth disease treatment for cows couldn't happen on time.
Goat insurance isn't available in the village.
There was a lot of loss because there was no electricity for chicken farming.
If we could use new technology in fish farming, production would increase.
There was a lot of damage because we didn't get information about pig diseases on time.
There's a compulsion to go to a cold place for yak farming.
Honey production decreased because there weren't enough flowers for the bees.
It's hard to get a loan to build a modern shed for buffalo farming.
There's no transportation to get the sheep wool to the processing center.
I need training on how to make compost fertilizer from cow dung.
Having problems because I don't have money to buy medicine for the goats.
It's hard to raise chickens because the price of chicken feed has skyrocketed.
Couldn't buy the necessary equipment for fish because it's too expensive.
It's hard to even recover the cost when the market price of pigs is low.
How to manage the grass needed for yaks?
There is a lack of modern equipment for beekeeping.
It's hard to get information about diseases that affect buffaloes.
There is a lack of proper investment in sheep farming.
Having problems because I can't find a market to sell cow's milk.
It is very difficult to find a good breed of goat.
Didn't get the vaccine for chicken diseases on time.
Didn't get the government grant for fish farming on time.
The price of feed needed for pigs has increased a lot.
There is no market to sell goods made from yak wool.
Couldn't get a fair price to sell bee honey.
There is no provision for the necessary training for buffalo farming.
No one helped to open a factory to make clothes from sheep wool.
The cow got sick because I couldn't vaccinate it on time.
There was no one to teach how to use new technology in goat farming.
It's hard to get a loan to build a chicken coop.
It's become difficult to even plant fruit trees in Terai because of the water problem, is there any solution?
You can conserve water by adopting mixed farming, plant vegetables and grains together.
Using compost fertilizer when sowing wheat in winter increases soil fertility.
With less water, the possibility of shade farming has been increasing in Terai, what do you say?
Farmers have started planting fodder tree plants to increase carbon storage.
I had heard that using improved seeds when planting rabi crops increases production, is it true?
It is better to adopt biological methods instead of pesticides to control insects.
Using modern equipment for irrigation saves water, but it is expensive.
Wood trees in Terai don't really need fertilizer, they grow on their own.
It would be good if we could build a pond to collect water in the rainy season and use it in the winter.
When does the program to distribute improved seeds to farmers start?
I am afraid that production will decrease this year due to the lack of fertilizer.
Due to climate change, water sources are drying up, what to do now?
Is there any plan to encourage farmers for carbon storage?
Do we need to test the soil when planting fruit plants?
I have heard that planting fodder tree plants also benefits animal husbandry.
Is it true that the use of chemical fertilizers reduces soil fertility?
Because there's no irrigation, many farmers have stopped farming.
We can help protect the environment by planting trees for timber.
Has the government done anything to solve the water problem?
Where can I find improved seeds?
I've applied for fertilizer at the cooperative, let's see what happens.
What can be done to reduce the impact of climate change on agriculture?
What kind of tree is suitable to plant for carbon storage?
What is the method of planting fruit plants?
How to cultivate fodder grass?
What can be used as an alternative to chemical fertilizer?
Which equipment is good to use for irrigation?
What kind of soil is needed when planting trees for timber?
How to manage water?
Where to get information about seeds?
How to get fertilizer subsidy?
What to do to avoid the effects of climate change?
What should be done to increase carbon storage?
How to take care of fruit plants?
What is the importance of fodder grass?
What are the effects of using chemical fertilizer?
What's the new technology for irrigation?
How to conserve timber trees?
How to reuse water?
When is the time to plant seeds?
How to use fertilizer?
How does climate change affect production?
What effect does carbon storage have on the environment?
How to protect fruit plants from disease?
What are the benefits of using Napier grass?
What happens if we use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer?
How to collect rainwater for irrigation?
How to grow timber trees?
What should be done to save water?
It can be difficult to operate a power tiller because the land is fragmented, so be careful.
Using a tractor in small fields can be risky, so be careful.
Using too much chemical fertilizer reduces soil fertility, it is better to use compost fertilizer.
If you don't pay attention to the wind speed when drone spraying, it can affect the neighbor's crops.
Keep your personal information safe when using mobile apps, it can be hacked.
The information shown by the weather forecast app may not always be accurate, consider your own experience as well.
Planting seeds for precision farming without soil testing may not result in good production.
If you don't manage the temperature and humidity correctly when using greenhouse technology, the plants will die.
When installing a solar pump, if you put it in the wrong place and it doesn't get enough sun, it can be hard to pump water.
If it rains a lot in the spring season, the seeds might rot, so plant them on time.
There's a chance of storms in the pre-monsoon, so prepare to protect your crops.
There's a risk of waterlogging in the post-monsoon, so manage the drainage from the field well.
During the Kharif season, diseases and pests can increase, so check regularly.
If you don't take safety precautions while operating a power tiller, there could be an accident, wear a helmet.
Using chemical fertilizers can disrupt the soil's pH balance, so get your soil tested.
If compost manure isn't fully decomposed, it can cause diseases in crops, so only use well-decomposed manure.
Excessive use of growth hormones can negatively affect crops, so use the right amount.
Using broken tractor parts can cause more damage, so just put in new parts.
If you fly a drone for spraying without permission, there may be legal action, so get permission.
Giving wrong information on the mobile app to get a loan can cause problems, so fill in the correct details.
Relying only on the weather app for farming can sometimes be deceiving, so also get local information.
Starting precision farming without training can cause you to lose your investment, so get training.
If you don't have knowledge about greenhouse technology, your investment can be wasted, so get information.
Using a solar pump in a large field without knowing its capacity can cause a water shortage.
If you sow seeds in the spring season without checking the soil moisture, it can be difficult for the seeds to germinate.
If the soil is too muddy when plowing the field in the pre-monsoon, the soil structure can be damaged, so plow at the right time.
If you don't dry the crop well after harvesting in the post-monsoon, it can get moldy, so dry it well in the sun.
Using chemical fertilizer in the monsoon season can reduce soil fertility, use organic fertilizer.
If you don't maintain your power tiller on time, it might break down when you're working in the field and cause problems.
If you don't wear a seatbelt while driving a tractor, you can get seriously injured in an accident, wear a belt.
If you don't mix the right amount of pesticide when drone spraying, it can negatively affect the crop, mix the right amount.
Taking loans from mobile apps can trap you in high interest rates, take it carefully.
Using weather app info without testing can damage crops, don't use it on too many at once.
Choosing the wrong seeds for precision farming can result in poor production, choose good seeds.
If the plastic quality isn't good in greenhouse technology, it can tear quickly, use quality plastic.
If you don't meet government standards when installing a solar pump, you might not get a subsidy, meet the standards.
If there's a problem with waterlogging in the field during the spring season, it can be difficult to plant rice, make sure there's no waterlogging.
There is a possibility of hailstorms in the pre-monsoon, be prepared to protect your crops.
If it's too cold in the field after the monsoon, wheat seeds may have difficulty germinating, plant them late.
If it rains continuously during the monsoon season, rice production may decrease, arrange for drainage.
If you don't clean the power tiller regularly, it can break down, clean it regularly.
If the tractor tires have low air, it can consume a lot of diesel when plowing the field, fill them with air.
Spraying someone else's field for drone spraying without training can cause legal problems, get training.
Agricultural information from mobile apps can also be incorrect, verify it before using it.
Using fertilizer based only on the information shown by the weather app can increase costs, use it only after soil testing.
Using the wrong fertilizer in precision farming can reduce soil fertility, use the right fertilizer.
If air doesn't circulate well in greenhouse technology, diseases can occur, make sure air circulates.
Choosing the wrong place for a solar pump can cause problems with water extraction, choose a suitable place.
If it gets too hot in the spring season, the seeds can dry out, water them regularly.
There is a risk of flooding in the pre-monsoon, move the crops to a safe place to protect them.
It can be harmful to plant seeds without testing the soil before planting.
This year, due to lack of timely rain, you may have to claim rice insurance.
If you take a cooperative loan and don't pay it on time, the land itself can be auctioned, be careful.
When applying for government grants, check all the documents carefully, otherwise you may have problems later.
If safety measures are not taken when using pesticides, it can be fatal.
If you delay repaying the loan taken from the Agricultural Bank, the interest will keep increasing.
Taking loans from microfinance can cause problems due to high interest rates.
Using too much fertilizer reduces the fertility of the soil, be careful.
When buying seeds, buy them only from the official place designated by the government, they can be fake.
When filling out the form for crop insurance, fill it out carefully, otherwise it will be difficult to get a claim.
Trying to bribe an agricultural office employee can get you into trouble.
Following others and planting new crops may lead to regret if you don't find a market.
Trying to get money by giving false information in the animal insurance scheme can also lead to jail.
Reduce the use of chemical fertilizers this time, it spoils the soil.
When taking a loan from a cooperative, understand the land mortgaged properly, otherwise you may drown.
Distributing government-provided seeds for free is a crime, don't do such things.
You may suffer losses if you work without taking the advice of an agricultural expert before planting crops.
If you don't pay the loan on time that you took in installments, the bank can auction your house.
If you don't wear a mask while spraying pesticides, it can seriously affect your health.
If you follow rumors that loans will be forgiven, you'll suffer.
People might come pretending to be employees of Agricultural Development Bank and scam you, so be careful.
Using plastic fertilizer can cause the soil to become barren.
Don't just plant any improved seeds; choose seeds according to your soil.
There's a chance crops will dry up this year due to drought, so arrange irrigation on time.
If you submit false documents to get government subsidies, you may face legal action.
If you can't pay back the loan you took from the cooperative when planting rice, the interest will increase.
Don't sign the agricultural insurance policy without understanding it properly, you might have problems later.
If you start making organic fertilizer without taking training, it might go wrong.
Don't give your OTP for your agricultural bank account to anyone, you could get scammed.
There might be a shortage of chemical fertilizer this year, so manage it on time.
If you put unnecessary pressure on employees working at the agriculture office, problems may arise.
If you misuse the grant money distributed by the government, you could go to jail.
If you don't test the soil before planting crops, the production might not be good.
If you don't participate in the general meeting of the cooperative, you may lose your rights.
When taking a loan, don't sign the papers without properly checking the land ownership certificate, you might get cheated.
If you don't mix the dose properly when using pesticides, it can affect the crop itself.
There is less chance of rain this season, so arrange irrigation in the field on time.
When applying for an agriculture loan, check all the documents yourself, otherwise you might have problems later.
Don't think about suicide because you can't pay back the bank loan, look for a solution to the problem.
If you buy expired pesticides, it can damage your crops.
If it is found that you have misused the grant given by the government, your name may be blacklisted.
If we don't get fertilizer on time this year, production may decrease.
Don't give a loan without properly checking the original land documents that have been mortgaged.
If you provide false information while filling out the agricultural insurance form, it will be difficult to get the insurance claim.
If you elect the wrong people in the cooperative election, the organization may collapse.
When using pesticides, spray only after checking the wind speed, otherwise it may fall on your own body.
When taking an agriculture loan, get complete information about the interest rate and installments, otherwise you will have problems later.
If you spread false rumors about the government grants, you may face legal action.
There is a possibility of drought this year due to lack of rain, so it is better to plant other crops instead of paddy.
You can get into trouble yourself if you try to bribe to get a subsidized loan from an agricultural bank.
If the water pressure is too high in the sprinkler irrigation system, the pipeline may burst, be careful.
Sisters, when collecting rainwater, there is a risk of mosquitoes breeding in stagnant water, so clean it regularly.
There is a risk of landslides when irrigating canals in the hills, work safely.
Our research shows that even using compost fertilizer can cause crops to dry up due to lack of water, so irrigate regularly.
There is a risk of accidents on slopes when driving a tractor, take precautions.
If the electrical wire is near when installing a sprinkler irrigation system, you may get an electric shock, be careful.
If there is a lack of water in the Rabi season for wheat cultivation, production may decrease, arrange for irrigation.
Using too much chemical fertilizer can pollute groundwater, so be careful.
When using a power tiller, hitting rocks can cause accidents, so drive carefully.
Drip irrigation can clog pipes with soil, so make it a habit to clean them regularly.
During the rainy season, food crops can be more prone to pests, so take timely pest control measures.
If you don't maintain the sprinkler irrigation system on time, it can break down and cost more, so pay attention.
If you don't know the water distribution schedule for canal irrigation in advance, you may not get water on time, so get information.
There may be a lack of water when growing vegetables in the post-monsoon season, so prepare for alternative irrigation.
Research shows that there is a risk of electric shock when irrigating fields, so take safe measures.
Extracting water from the ground can cause the surface to sink, so extract only a limited amount of water.
Using too much chemical fertilizer in a drip irrigation system can clog the pipes, so be careful.
Irrigation motors can be damaged by electric shock, so use a quality motor.
When operating a sprinkler system, strong winds can blow the water away, so only operate it after checking the weather.
Women farmers may be afraid of snakes while working in the fields, so work carefully.
Applying chemical fertilizer to the field can cause skin allergies, so wear gloves.
If the water source becomes dirty during irrigation, it can cause diseases like diarrhea, so use it only after purifying the water.
If the water used for irrigation is contaminated with pesticides, it can have a negative effect on the crop, so use it only after testing.
Connecting too many pipes to a water pump beyond its capacity can burn out the motor, so pay attention.
Excessive use of groundwater can lower the water table, so let's save water.
If proper water management is not done when sprinkler irrigating, too much water can accumulate in the field and rot the crop.
If the pipes used in the irrigation system are of poor quality, they can break down quickly and damage crops.
If you don't close the rainwater harvesting tank properly, mosquitoes can lay eggs, be careful.
If the water pressure is low in the drip irrigation system, the plants may not get enough water, check the pressure.
If you don't use safety equipment while operating a power tiller, accidents can happen, wear a helmet.
If the water used for irrigation has too much chemical fertilizer, the soil fertility may decrease, be aware.
If you don't consider the type of soil in the field when installing a sprinkler irrigation system, the crop may not thrive.
If you use chemical fertilizer in the field without enough water, the plants are likely to die, arrange water first.
If there is leakage in the drip irrigation system pipeline, water will be wasted and the plants may not get enough water, check regularly.
If you don't use a filter in the sprinkler system, the nozzle may get blocked and water may not flow properly, use a filter.
The irrigation motor can explode due to current leakage, check it well before operating.
Extracting water from the ground can dry up the water source, take precautions.
If you don't fertilize on time in drip irrigation, production may decrease, make an irrigation schedule.
If too much chemical fertilizer is used during irrigation, it affects the soil fertility, use balanced fertilizer.
If algae grow in the water tank when collecting rainwater, the water can become contaminated, clean it regularly.
If the water flow is too strong in the canal irrigation system, the field can be eroded, take control measures.
If the water pressure is too high in the sprinkler system, the pipe may burst, control the pressure.
If you get an electric shock while irrigating the field, it can be fatal, take precautions.
Even if you use compost fertilizer without enough water, the crop can dry out, so irrigate regularly.
If there is a lack of water in the Rabi season, production may decrease, arrange for irrigation.
Since there has been less rain this year, we need to build a rainwater harvesting pond.
Due to the lack of canal irrigation, many fields are likely to remain barren.
After connecting the drip irrigation system, it's been easier to grow vegetables.
We should increase the use of sprinkler irrigation because it saves water.
There was a problem after the underground water dried up from drawing too much.
If we work with an irrigation schedule, water will be used properly.
Due to lack of water, rice planting was delayed.
Can we get some help from the cooperative for irrigation repairs?
Since it rains a lot during monsoon, we should collect water.
Production decreased because there was no irrigation for the Rabi crop.
There was a lot of damage when it rained during rice harvesting.
Soil testing should be done before planting Kharif crops.
The lack of fertilizer affected production.
Using plant growth hormones results in good fruiting.
Crops can be protected by using pesticides.
Soil moisture can be conserved by adopting mulching techniques.
The cooperative said they will provide training for rainwater harvesting.
It's been a long time since I applied for canal irrigation, still no hearing.
Looks like we have to fill out a form to get a grant for drip irrigation.
Is there a loan available to install sprinkler irrigation?
I'm worried that the groundwater level is decreasing.
The production decreased because we didn't work according to the irrigation schedule.
Looks like the rice harvest will be less this year because of lack of water.
The cooperative said there's no budget for irrigation repairs.
The monsoon floods broke the canal.
We usually have water problems for planting wheat in the Rabi season.
There was a fertilizer shortage for planting corn in the Kharif season.
The cooperative hasn't given money for fertilizer.
I heard that using hormones increases production.
Pesticides help protect the crops.
We can increase soil fertility by mulching.
It's easy to irrigate the kitchen garden by collecting rainwater.
We should take initiative to solve the canal irrigation problem.
We need to apply to the cooperative for drip irrigation.
We should go to the agriculture office to get information about sprinkler irrigation systems.
We need to manage the use of underground water.
We should take help from an agricultural technician to create an irrigation schedule.
Because of the water shortage, we're in a situation where we have to leave the field barren.
We need to submit an application to the rural municipality for irrigation repairs.
The risk of landslides increases when it rains a lot during the monsoon.
We need to manage water for Rabi crops.
We need to get fertilizer on time to plant Kharif crops.
The price of fertilizer went up, so there's a problem.
There's also a fear of crops getting ruined when using hormones.
Using pesticides affects the environment.
It's easy to control weeds when using mulching technique.
Looks like we can get a loan to build a rainwater harvesting tank, according to the cooperative.
There's a lot of water loss happening because of the old canal irrigation system.
You don't get a fair price in the local market because of middlemen, be aware.
It can be difficult to sell produce in the spring if you're not connected to the cooperative market system.
It can be difficult to get the right price for your product if you don't know about online markets.
Excessive use of chemical fertilizer reduces soil fertility, be careful.
Production may decrease if you don't pay attention during sowing time.
You might not save time and labor if you don't use modern equipment (like tractors) in agriculture.
Prices may fluctuate as competition increases in the local market, be alert.
It can be difficult to enter the international market if you can't prepare export documents.
You may have to miss out on collective benefits if you don't participate in cooperative farming.
You can sometimes get cheated if you rely on intermediaries, be careful.
Crops can dry up in the Kharif season if there is no proper irrigation system.
Profit may be low because transportation costs are high when sending goods to the wholesale market.
It is difficult to get information on new technologies and markets if you are not active in cooperative marketing.
There may be problems with payment when selling goods in the online market, be careful.
If you don't use fertilizer correctly, the soil quality can get ruined, so be careful.
If you use regular seeds instead of improved ones, you might not get the production increase you're hoping for.
Using pesticides carelessly can negatively affect the environment, so be aware.
Not maintaining agricultural equipment like tractors regularly can cause big damage.
Due to price fluctuations, sometimes it can be hard to even recover costs, so work with a plan.
Making the necessary documents for export can be a complicated process, so be patient.
If you can't attract customers when selling directly, your goods might not sell.
Middlemen might prioritize their own profit over the farmers'.
If you don't get fertilizer on time, the Rabi season crops can be affected, so arrange it beforehand.
It can be difficult to get a fair price in the wholesale market because there's a lot of competition.
Without knowledge of cooperative marketing, you might miss out on the benefits.
There might be people who cheat by giving false information in the online market, so be alert.
If you plant seeds without testing their quality, the production might not be good.
Using chemical pesticides can also kill beneficial insects that live in the soil.
If you don't know how to drive a tractor well, there's a risk of accidents.
If the demand decreases in the local market, the produce can go to waste.
If you don't pay attention to quality when exporting, the goods might be returned.
If you're not affiliated with a cooperative, you might miss out on government subsidies.
Middlemen might cheat by using incorrect weights.
If you farm out of season, the outbreak of pests and diseases can increase.
If you give goods on credit in the wholesale market, you might not get paid.
Personal information might be unsafe in online markets, be careful.
Using low-quality fertilizer can ruin your crops.
Using fake seeds can cause a big loss in production.
Using pesticides can increase environmental pollution.
When taking a loan for a tractor, understand the interest rate and installments well.
Not having information about price fluctuations can lead to losses.
If you don't know the customs rules when exporting, problems can arise.
If there's a dispute in the cooperative, it can affect you personally.
Middlemen can create artificial shortages and increase prices.
Planting seeds at the wrong time can cause problems with germination.
Goods can get damaged when transporting them to the wholesale market.
Ignoring customer complaints in the online market can have a negative impact.
If you don't meet the standards set by the government, there might be problems with exporting.
If you don't produce according to the demand in the local market, problems can arise.
Land fragmentation is increasing in cooperatives, so the risk of landslides may increase, be careful.
The risk of floods has increased in the monsoon, so move livestock to a safe place.
Due to climate change, unexpected weather may occur, be careful.
According to the weather forecast, there is a possibility of cold waves in the next few days, take special care of the animals.
Due to lack of irrigation in fragmented land, the risk of drought may increase.
Plant crops on time, otherwise unseasonal hailstorms might cause damage.
According to the notice issued by the cooperative office, livestock insurance is mandatory in flood-prone areas.
Land fragmentation makes it difficult to implement climate adaptation plans, so be aware.
In the cooperative meeting, it was decided to provide necessary advice to farmers, considering the weather forecast.
If farmers don't take precautions on time, drought can cause great damage to fragmented land this year.
There is a possibility of active monsoon in the coming days, therefore, arrange a safe place for animals.
The cooperative has arranged to provide farmers with timely weather forecast information, please get the information.
Land fragmentation reduces soil fertility and can lead to drought risk.
Dear farmers, plan your crop planting according to the weather forecast, and avoid hailstorms.
If the land remains barren, drought can affect livestock.
As discussed in the cooperative, be prepared to face the challenges brought by climate change.
If irrigation is not arranged on time, drought may occur in fragmented land.
According to the weather forecast, there is a possibility of heavy rainfall during the monsoon this year, stay safe to avoid floods.
As per the cooperative's notice, farmers should insure their crops on time, you will get relief if hailstorms cause damage.
Land fragmentation makes it difficult for farmers to use irrigation equipment, which increases the risk of drought.
Farmers are informed that according to the weather forecast, there is a possibility of cold wave in the next few days.
The cooperative is conducting various trainings for climate adaptation, participate and benefit.
Insure your livestock to protect them from monsoon floods, the cooperative will help.
Land fragmentation makes proper water management impossible, increasing the risk of drought.
According to the information provided by the weather forecasting service, there is a higher chance of hailstorms this year.
The cooperative has a plan to give subsidies to farmers for irrigation equipment to avoid drought.
Do your farming by getting weather forecasts on time, otherwise hailstorms can cause damage.
Land fragmentation increases the impact of climate change, be aware.
The cooperative has planned to distribute relief to farmers in flood-affected areas.
Farmers are requested to plant crops keeping the weather forecast in mind, and avoid hailstorms.
When land is fragmented, the risk of drought increases, so pay attention to water management.
According to the weather forecast, there is a possibility of heavy rainfall this monsoon, be prepared to avoid floods.
The cooperative has planned to provide various trainings to farmers for climate change adaptation.
As the risk of drought is increasing in fragmented land, make a collective effort for irrigation.
According to the weather forecast, there is a possibility of cold wave in the next few days, take special care of senior citizens and children.
The cooperative has a plan to give subsidies to farmers on seeds to avoid climate change.
If the monsoon does not start on time, there may be a drought, so pay attention to water management.
Plant crops keeping the weather forecast in mind, hailstorms can be avoided.
Land fragmentation increases the impact of climate change, so let's make a collective effort to stop it.
The cooperative has a plan to waive loans for flood-affected farmers.
Farmers are requested to do farming keeping the weather forecast in mind, and avoid hailstorms.
When land is fragmented, the risk of drought increases, so pay attention to water conservation.
According to the weather forecast, there is a possibility of heavy rainfall this monsoon, go to a safe place to avoid floods.
The cooperative has planned to teach new technologies to farmers for climate change adaptation.
As the risk of drought is increasing in fragmented land, find new ways for water management.
The weather forecast says there's a chance of cold wave in the next few days, so take extra care of your livestock.
The cooperative is planning to give subsidies to farmers for fertilizer to help them cope with climate change.
If the monsoon doesn't start on time, there could be a drought, so adopt water conservation methods.
Plant crops according to the weather forecast; you can protect crops from hailstorms.
Land fragmentation increases the impact of climate change, so plant trees to reduce it.
Improved seeds are less likely to get diseases than local seeds.
The quality of seeds decreases when the cooperative doesn't have proper seed storage, but if you keep them well at home, they won't spoil.
This year, using hybrid seeds is likely to increase production, but relying on local seeds is less risky.
Treating seeds before planting increases the chances of strong plants, but untreated seeds are at risk of disease.
Certified seeds are more expensive than other seeds, but you can be sure of their quality.
When storing seeds for the winter season, keep them away from places where water can get in, otherwise the seeds may rot.
Plowing the field with a power tiller saves time, but plowing with oxen increases the soil fertility.
Using chemical fertilizers increases production immediately, but in the long run it reduces soil quality; it is better to use organic fertilizer.
Wheat seeds are easier to store compared to paddy seeds.
The quality test of the seeds I had came out well, but the neighbor's seed results weren't so good.
This year, planting kharif season seeds was delayed due to lack of timely rain, but last year we were able to plant on time.
When storing seeds, the sacks should be placed on wooden planks instead of directly on the ground, otherwise there is a chance of mold.
When using fertilizer, the amount should be adjusted after testing the soil, otherwise it can be harmful to the crop.
When choosing seeds, you should choose seeds that are suitable for the climate of your place; choosing from other places may not be good.
This planting season, the demand for improved seeds has increased, but local seeds are easily available.
Looks like the seed storage capacity in cooperatives needs to increase, the current capacity is not enough for all farmers.
To maintain seed quality, temperature and humidity should be properly managed during storage, otherwise the seeds may spoil.
Safety precautions should be taken when using pesticides for seed treatment, otherwise it will affect health.
Hybrid seeds have high production, but less disease resistance than local seeds.
This year rice seeds are a bit expensive, but the price of wheat seeds is the same as last year.
Light should not enter the seed storage area, it should be kept in a dark and cool place.
Proper seed storage can help food security, but food crisis can occur if storage is not taken care of.
More fertilizer should be used to plant improved seeds, but local seeds do not require much fertilizer.
Farmers should consider their needs and market demand when selecting seeds, otherwise the seeds may be wasted.
Using organic methods for seed treatment is good for the environment, but using chemical methods has a negative impact on the environment.
Cooperatives have prioritized improved seeds, but have not given much importance to local seeds.
Neem leaves can be used to protect seeds from pests during storage, it is safer compared to chemical pesticides.
The use of tractors has increased this year, but the number of farmers plowing fields with oxen is decreasing.
Due to lack of water during rice planting, there is a possibility of reduced production, but there is no such problem in wheat production.
The laboratory should be near to test the quality of seeds, it is a problem for farmers if it is far away.
Farmers should dry the seeds in the sun as much as possible before storing them, otherwise there is a possibility of mold growing on the seeds.
The use of fertilizer is necessary to increase seed production, but it is better to use organic fertilizer to maintain soil fertility.
Although the price of improved seeds is higher than local seeds, farmers are attracted to them because of the high production.
If the seed storage method is not good, the germination capacity of the seed decreases, if stored properly, the germination capacity increases.
Seed storage is easier in the Rabi season compared to the Kharif season.
Using fertilizer helps the crop right away, but it's bad for the soil in the long run.
Hybrid seeds need a lot of fertilizer, but local seeds don't need that much.
When storing seeds, it's better to keep them in a dark place instead of a place with light.
The government gives subsidies for buying improved seeds, but not for local seeds.
Treating seeds with organic methods is better for the environment than using chemicals.
This year the price of rice seeds has skyrocketed, but the price of wheat seeds is stable.
When choosing seeds, you should choose seeds that suit your soil type and climate, don't just follow what others do.
When storing seeds, using neem leaves to protect them from insects is a safer option than using pesticides.
Tractors work faster, but plowing with oxen is better for the soil quality.
Water availability is important for planting seeds in the Kharif season, but not as much water is needed in the Rabi season.
Cooperatives should provide seeds to farmers at a cheap price, not sell them expensively.
It's a problem for farmers when the seed testing lab is far away, it would be easier if it was nearby.
Drying seeds in the sun before storing them is a good way to prevent mold.
Using fertilizer is necessary to increase seed production, but organic fertilizer is best for soil health.
Even though improved seeds are more expensive, many farmers prefer them because they produce more.
As a researcher, I saw that many women farmers are still using traditional farming methods, while greenhouse technology can be very effective.
While working in the warehouse, I realized that women farmers need to be trained to spray pesticides with drones.
The mobile app we developed will provide weather information to women farmers.
We need to increase the use of solar pumps to empower women.
We need to encourage the use of compost fertilizer.
Women farmers should get training on how to use modern power tillers.
This year in the Rabi season, women farmers have increased the use of advanced technology.
Women farmers should be informed about precision farming.
It seems using weather forecast apps will help women farmers a lot.
Greenhouse technology enables women farmers to produce year-round.
Research shows that women farmers hesitate to use modern agricultural tools.
Women farmers should be informed about the correct use of growth hormones.
Women should get training on maintaining power tillers in the warehouse.
We should take initiative to provide tractors to women farmers on subsidy.
During the research, I found that women farmers find it easier to use mobile apps.
Drone spraying saves women farmers time and labor.
The weather app helps women farmers determine when to plant crops.
Precision farming helps women farmers get more production with less investment.
The use of greenhouse technology can make women farmers self-reliant.
It is necessary to inform women farmers about the benefits of solar pumps.
Women farmers need to understand that using compost fertilizer increases soil fertility.
Using power tillers makes it easier for women farmers to plow the fields.
Women farmers should be informed about improved seeds in the Rabi season.
Women farmers should be trained for precision farming.
Using the weather app helps women farmers protect their crops.
Greenhouse technology protects women farmers from seasonal risks.
Using solar pumps makes irrigation easier for women farmers.
Using compost fertilizer helps women farmers reduce the use of chemical fertilizers.
Using power tillers helps women farmers reduce physical labor.
The government should subsidize drone spraying for women farmers.
Women farmers should be encouraged to use mobile apps.
We should inform women farmers about weather apps.
Using precision farming helps women farmers increase production.
Greenhouse technology provides new opportunities for women farmers.
Using solar pumps helps women farmers protect the environment.
Using compost fertilizer helps women farmers produce healthy crops.
Using power tillers helps women farmers work faster.
Women farmers should be trained on the safe use of pesticides in warehouses.
Agricultural information can be provided to women farmers through mobile apps.
We should promote the use of weather apps.
Precision farming helps women farmers reduce costs.
Greenhouse technology helps women farmers compete in the market.
Using solar pumps helps women farmers reduce electricity bills.
Using compost fertilizer helps women farmers improve soil quality.
Using power tillers helps women farmers reduce the time spent on farming.
Women farmers should be informed about drone spraying.
Using mobile apps helps women farmers get market information.
Women farmers should be taught how to use weather apps.
Using precision farming helps women farmers protect crops from disease.
Women farmers can be attracted by demonstrating greenhouse technology in warehouses.
Storing potatoes in cold storage reduces the risk of rotting, but drying them in the open carries a higher risk.
Food grains stay safer in modern warehouses than in traditional storage, and the chance of insect infestation is also lower.
Storing fruits in cold storage is more effective than drying them in the sun because it keeps them fresh longer.
Compost fertilizer needs to be stored properly before using it in the field, otherwise its nutrients will decrease.
Storing grains by drying is less expensive than cold storage, but the risk is higher.
It's better to store after grading, otherwise rotten fruits will spoil the others too.
Storing seeds in good packaging increases their germination ability, while keeping them open reduces that ability.
There is a higher risk of pests in food grains during monsoon than in winter, so special attention should be paid to storage.
It is more difficult to control the temperature in a normal warehouse than in a cold store.
Storing grain in a warehouse is much safer than keeping it in the open.
Modern storage technology helps a lot in food preservation compared to traditional storage.
In the current situation, cold storage seems more effective than drying technology.
Before plowing the field with a tractor, it should be kept in a safe place, otherwise there is a risk of damage.
Fertilizer needs to be stored properly before spreading it in the field, otherwise its quality may decrease.
Potatoes stored in a warehouse after grading have a higher value than those stored without grading.
It's much better to dry seeds well before storing them, rather than storing them without drying.
It's much wiser to keep paddy safe in the warehouse than to leave it in the field.
Using compost manure is much more beneficial for the soil than using mulch.
Storing potatoes in winter is easier than storing them in monsoon.
Keeping apples in cold storage is safer than keeping them in a warehouse.
Using cold storage instead of drying is a modern way for food preservation.
There are more insect infestations in crops in open spaces than in warehouses.
It is more challenging to store improved seeds than to store local seeds.
Grains retain better taste and quality when stored in cold storage than when dried and stored.
Grading potatoes well before storing them in a warehouse increases their quality.
Grains are much safer in modern warehouses than in traditional storage methods.
Since it rained a lot this year, keeping it in cold storage is a better option than drying and storing.
Controlling pests in a warehouse is easier than controlling them in the field.
In today's technology, cold storage is a better option than drying for food preservation.
There are more things to consider when storing seeds in a warehouse than when planting them in the field.
It is more difficult to regulate the temperature in a normal warehouse than in cold storage.
Using compost manure is more beneficial for crops than using mulch.
A lot of precaution should be taken to store the grains produced this rabi season, not so much in pre-monsoon.
It is much safer to keep the tractor in the warehouse than in the sun.
Fruits stored in cold storage last longer than sun-dried ones.
In modern storage, there's less chance of insects in grains compared to traditional storage.
Storing in cold storage keeps the grain quality much safer than drying and storing.
If you package the seeds well before storing, the germination rate increases; it decreases if you leave them open.
Storing potatoes in winter is easier than in monsoon because there's a risk of rotting in monsoon.
Using cold storage is a modern way for food preservation compared to drying, but it's expensive.
Things to consider when storing seeds in a warehouse are different than what to consider when planting in the field.
Packing compost fertilizer in sacks and storing it in a warehouse is much better than leaving it open.
Storing grains in modern cold storage is much safer and more effective than traditional storage.
Now during rice planting season, only fertilize after checking the weather information on the mobile app.
In this time after the earthquake, using a tractor can speed up work; contact us if you are interested in training.
You should use improved varieties of seeds during potato planting season; contact us.
Plant rice in this field during the Kharif season; you'll get good production.
The government is distributing solar pumps this year; fill out the form.
It's safer to use drone spraying technology to spray pesticides.
Take necessary precautions for safety before using this pesticide.
Don't forget to put oil before operating the power tiller.
Use a weather forecast app to get rainfall information and plant crops accordingly.
Fill out this form for an agriculture loan.
When you do mulching in the field, weeds can't grow, and the soil moisture is also maintained.
Contact the agriculture office for improved varieties of wheat seeds.
This year, get your soil tested before planting rice seeds.
Install a solar pump to water this field, you won't have to pay electricity bills.
Now, get training for drone spraying in the field, it saves both time and labor.
To protect potatoes from disease, check the mobile app and adjust the amount of pesticide accordingly.
If the power tiller is broken, contact for repair immediately.
Apply for greenhouse technology under the Prime Minister Agriculture Modernization Project.
Use compost fertilizer to increase soil fertility during rice planting.
Download a mobile app to get weather information before planting crops.
This year, the government is giving subsidies on tractors to farmers, so apply.
Download a weather app on your mobile today and get weather information.
Keep this pesticide out of the reach of children.
Use a mobile app for agriculture related information.
When growing potatoes, adjust the amount of fertilizer only after soil testing.
This year, don't forget to treat the seeds before planting rice in the field.
Harvest rice only after getting weather information.
When drone spraying in the field, the amount of pesticide required is very less.
Prepare the soil well before planting potatoes.
Put fertilizer along with wheat seeds while planting.
Decide when to fertilize the field after getting weather information.
Grow vegetables in the garden by mulching, you will get good production.
Use medicine to protect the seeds from fungus when planting rice.
If you're thinking of buying a power tiller this year, contact us.
Collect the necessary documents to install a solar pump in the field.
The soil should have enough moisture when planting potatoes.
Make sure the rice seeds sprout well before sowing.
Contact an agricultural expert to get information about the crops to be planted this season.
Keep your land documents ready to get an agriculture loan.
Take necessary precautions for safety when operating a power tiller.
Install a solar pump to manage water in the field.
Use a mobile app to find out the amount of fertilizer needed for your crop.
Grow off-season vegetables using greenhouse technology.
Get a soil test done to check the soil condition before planting crops.
Is the delay in transplanting seedlings because of waterlogging problems in this greenhouse during the monsoon?
Considering the weather forecast, how risky would it be to plant potatoes now?
I'm afraid that hailstones will damage the crops again in the Kharif season, what to do?
What technologies can be adopted in greenhouses for climate adaptation?
Is it going to be a drought this year because it didn't rain on time?
Can using improved seeds also protect against hailstones?
Does the plastic of the greenhouse need to be replaced before the monsoon starts?
Is there any way to protect plants from frost in the greenhouse during winter?
How to protect the greenhouse from the risk of floods and landslides?
How can I find out the weather forecast issued by the local government for farmers?
How much does it cost to build a plastic tunnel to protect from hail?
Will potato blight occur this time too? What medicine is good to spray?
Will fertilizer be available this year during rice planting?
The tomatoes in the greenhouse have insects, what to do? What are the ways to control insects?
How to arrange irrigation equipment to save crops from drought?
What kind of rainfall does the weather forecast show for this monsoon?
How to save the greenhouse from the problem of land subsidence? What can be done to control landslides?
What should be done to reduce the impact of climate change on crops?
Has the government announced any relief for hail-affected farmers?
Is power tiller available for rent during rice planting?
What documents are required to claim insurance in case of hail damage?
How much does it cost to dig a boring for irrigation in the greenhouse?
How to do mulching to protect potatoes from frost in winter?
Can the greenhouse be moved to a safe place after the risk of flooding increases?
Will the monsoon start on time this year or not?
Does the government provide any training for climate adaptation?
Is it possible to get weather forecast information on mobile via SMS?
How much does it cost to irrigate by bringing water from a tanker during a drought?
Should I take pictures of the crops damaged by the hail and keep them?
Does the local agriculture office tell us ways to protect from hail?
If we only farm based on the weather forecast, when is a good time to plant?
How much subsidy do we get to install a drip irrigation system to prevent drought?
Is there any way to know the signs of hail coming? Is there an early warning system?
What should be done to prevent water from entering the greenhouse during the monsoon?
Is there a forecast for how much snow will fall this year?
Which crop would be suitable to plant now due to the effects of climate change?
What should be done to revive the plants damaged by hail?
What percentage of hail damage can be claimed when doing agricultural insurance?
How to protect vegetables planted in the greenhouse from extreme heat?
Is there a possibility of heavy rainfall this monsoon season?
How to prevent the greenhouse poles from collapsing if there is a flood?
Which crop is good to plant that requires less water during a drought?
Can the greenhouse be covered with netting to protect it from hail?
What should be done to ensure good air circulation inside the greenhouse during the monsoon season?
What measures can be taken to keep the greenhouse warm in winter?
What to do if a new disease appears due to climate change?
Should the agricultural office be informed immediately after hail damage?
Should the insurance company be informed immediately if there is flood damage?
How to save the livestock from the drought this year?
If we do farming based on weather forecast, will the production increase or decrease?
Since the soil is not fertile, you might not get good price for greenhouse vegetables in local market, so be careful.
Selling in cooperative market might not have price consistency, so inquire well before taking it.
Middlemen always cheat farmers, so try to sell directly as much as possible.
The price of vegetables produced in greenhouse can fluctuate, so be patient.
It can be difficult to transport vegetables to the wholesale market during the rainy season due to bad roads, so prepare in advance.
New rules have come in online market, there might be problem if export documents are not ready.
There might be price decrease due to high production this Rabi season, so plant only after consulting with other farmers.
Don't rush to sell greenhouse vegetables when the price drops in the wholesale market, wait a few days.
Using chemical pesticides can damage the soil and reduce production next season, so be careful.
There might be problem with the water used for irrigation, which can affect production, so find alternative solutions.
It can be difficult to get money back if you sell too much on credit in the local market, so insist on cash transactions.
Customers can cheat when selling goods online, so check carefully before sending.
If you are affiliated with cooperative farming, take the opinion of all members when setting prices, otherwise there may be disputes.
If you don't sell directly, middlemen can trap you with low prices.
Customers may get angry if you put wrong photos and details while selling goods online, so provide correct information.
If you are planning to export, prepare the export documents on time, otherwise there may be problems.
If you have not taken membership of the cooperative, you may not get a good price in the cooperative market.
If you don't pay attention to the safety of the greenhouse, storms can damage it.
Since the wholesale market is far, transportation costs can be high, so take it only after considering.
Middlemen can collude to lower the price, be aware.
In the spring, the temperature can rise and spoil the produce, so sell it on time.
If demand decreases in the local market, your produce may go to waste, so look for alternative markets.
Using too much fertilizer just because the middleman said so can ruin the soil, so use fertilizer only after testing the soil.
During the rainy season, landslides can block the road, so get the vegetables to the market on time.
There is a lot of competition in the online market, so pay attention to promoting your product.
If there are too many members in the cooperative, the decision-making process can be slow, be patient.
If the packaging is not good when sending goods to the wholesale market, the goods may be damaged.
If the online payment is not secure, you could lose your money.
If you fail the quality check when exporting, the goods may be returned, so pay attention to quality.
If the cooperative's management is not good, your investment may be at risk.
If there is a lot of credit in the local market, the money may not be collected on time, pay attention.
There are many scammers in the online market, so be careful.
Middlemen can buy at low prices and sell at high prices, be aware.
Production may be high and prices may fall in the Rabi season, so plan your farming accordingly.
If you don't replace the plastic tunnel on time, the wind can blow it away and cause damage.
Too much water can accumulate in the greenhouse and rot the roots, arrange for drainage.
You may incur a loss if the goods are returned online with false information.
When exporting, language problems can make it difficult to understand the documents, get someone's help.
If you take goods to the wholesale market without knowing the price, you might have to sell them for less.
If there's a dispute in the cooperative, your investment could be at risk, so make decisions carefully.
There's a chance of storms in the pre-monsoon, so pay attention to the safety of your greenhouse.
If you get too many orders online and can't deliver on time, you might get negative feedback.
Competition in the local market might increase and prices might drop, so look for alternative markets.
Middlemen might cheat on the weight, so be careful.
If you take a loan from the cooperative and can't pay it back, your property might be seized, so take a loan according to your income.
When selling goods in the wholesale market, you might not get paid immediately, so be patient.
If you don't promote your product well in the online market, it might not sell.
When exporting, there might be problems with transportation and the goods might get damaged, so don't forget to get insurance.
In the online market, customers can ruin your business by giving false feedback.
If goods are not sold in the local market, they might go to waste, so produce according to demand.
This year, the demand for paddy seeds has increased compared to last year.
Although maize seeds are a bit cheaper than wheat, their production is lower.
This year, it's better to use compost fertilizer instead of reducing the use of chemical fertilizer.
The more effort you put into cardamom farming, the more profit you get.
It is estimated that wheat seeds will sell more than mustard seeds this Rabi season.
Cauliflower seeds are a bit more expensive compared to other vegetables.
Wheat seeds are easier to plant than paddy seeds.
Wheat requires less water compared to paddy.
Millet seeds are smaller than corn seeds, but they produce more.
Using a power tiller to plant fruit plants is easier than plowing with oxen.
This year, the demand for onion seeds is higher than for potato seeds.
Compared to other seeds, this hybrid paddy seed gives a better yield.
Less fertilizer is needed to grow wheat compared to potatoes.
This year, farmers bought more wheat seeds than paddy seeds.
Soybean seeds are easier to plant than bean seeds.
Improved seeds produce more than local seeds.
The price of wheat seeds is lower than the price of paddy seeds.
This year, the price of ginger has increased more than the price of cardamom.
It is easier to sow wheat seeds than to sow paddy seeds.
Compared to other crops, pulse crops need less fertilizer.
This year, less barley seed was sold compared to wheat.
The price of millet seed is lower than the price of corn seed.
Compared to other seeds, this seed has a higher germination capacity.
This year, the demand for vegetable seeds has increased compared to paddy seeds.
Wheat seeds require less care than paddy seeds.
There is less risk in wheat farming compared to paddy farming.
Corn seeds are cheaper here compared to other places.
It takes more effort to produce paddy seeds than wheat seeds.
This year, there's less demand for millet seeds compared to paddy seeds.
Cardamom needs more fertilizer compared to other crops.
This year, there's a higher chance of mustard seeds selling more than wheat seeds.
It's a bit harder to grow corn compared to paddy.
This year, onion seeds sold more than potato seeds.
This seed sprouts a bit faster compared to other seeds.
Wheat seeds need less water than paddy seeds.
This year, the demand for millet seeds has increased compared to corn seeds.
Vegetable seeds need to be planted sooner compared to fruit plants.
Corn production is less compared to wheat.
Wheat seeds are easier to store compared to paddy seeds.
This seed is a bit more expensive compared to other seeds, but the quality is good.
It's less of a hassle to sow wheat seeds than paddy seeds.
Corn plants are taller than millet.
This year, farmers have shown more interest in paddy seeds compared to wheat seeds.
Wheat seeds grow better in the fertile soil here than in other places.
Wheat seeds are a bit cheaper than paddy seeds.
Corn seeds are easier to plant than millet seeds.
This year, more fruit plants were sold than vegetable seeds.
The demand for paddy seeds is always higher than for wheat.
This year, wheat seed production looks better than paddy seed.
Corn seeds need less fertilizer compared to paddy.
Due to less rain this monsoon, paddy planting was delayed compared to last year.
It's hard to plan farming because the weather forecast isn't as reliable as before.
Due to the drought, this year's corn production is not even half of last year's.
Since wheat production wasn't as expected due to low winter rainfall, we need to increase fertilizer use.
After the flood washed away the field, it's better to leave it barren than to grow crops.
After the landslide buried the field, it's better to plant other vegetables than paddy this year.
After the hailstorm destroyed the crops, it's wiser to plant another crop than to recover this year's investment.
Due to increasing water scarcity caused by climate change, it's better to adopt modern irrigation systems than traditional farming.
The paddy seedlings turned yellow due to lack of timely rain; now even fertilizer won't help, it's better to plant other vegetables.
Due to the drought, it's better to plant millet than paddy in the field this year.
This year, the weather forecast didn't predict the rain, so instead of farming by looking at the sky, we need to think of other solutions.
After the hailstorm damaged the vegetable crops, it's better to plant another crop than to plant new seedlings again.
It's better to use compost manure than chemical fertilizer in the field this year.
Since it's late to plant paddy due to lack of rain, it's wise to plant other crops instead of paddy.
Instead of relying on this year's weather forecast and planting paddy, it's better to plant other cash crops.
Due to the drought, it is more profitable to plant corn than paddy this year.
For climate adaptation, it is better to cultivate fruits than paddy this year.
Since the risk of flooding has increased this year, it is safer to grow vegetables than paddy.
Since there's a chance of less rain this monsoon, it's better to plant wheat instead of paddy.
After the hail damage, planting vegetables is a better option than replanting paddy.
If it doesn't rain on time, planting millet is better than planting paddy.
Even if the weather forecast says it will rain this year, it's best to plant only after looking at the sky.
After hail damages the vegetables, it's better to plant other crops than planting new seedlings.
This year, using compost fertilizer is better for the environment than using chemical fertilizer in the field.
If it's late to plant paddy because it hasn't rained, it's wise to plant other crops instead of paddy.
This year, instead of relying on the weather forecast and planting paddy, it's better to plant cash crops.
Due to the drought, planting corn instead of paddy is more beneficial for the farmers.
For climate adaptation, growing fruits is better for the future than growing paddy.
Even if the weather forecast says it will rain, it's best to plant only after looking at the sky.
Due to the drought, planting paddy this year was much more difficult than last year.
The weather forecast is a bit more accurate now than before.
Due to the drought this year, corn production will be much lower compared to last year.
Since wheat production wasn't as expected due to less winter rain, we might have to increase fertilizer use, but using compost would be better.
After the flood washed away the field, we need to find other ways than growing grains.
The cooperative should arrange fertilizer, seeds, and power tillers at reasonable prices.
Due to lack of water in the greenhouse, the drip irrigation system wasn't effective, the cooperative should do something.
Since there's no canal irrigation, the vegetables planted in the greenhouse are starting to dry out, the cooperative should pay attention on time.
This year there was a water shortage because it didn't rain, the cooperative should find ways to collect rainwater.
When is the cooperative supposed to give the grant for sprinkler irrigation? Still no news.
Excessive extraction of groundwater has decreased the water level, the cooperative should find an alternative.
The drip irrigation pipeline is broken and leaking, the cooperative hasn't paid attention to maintenance.
There was extreme water shortage in the Kharif season, the cooperative couldn't arrange irrigation on time.
Because the cooperative hasn't made and implemented an irrigation schedule, it's confusing who gets water when.
We don't even get fertilizer and seeds on time, how to do greenhouse farming with the irrigation problem? The cooperative should think about it.
The cooperative gave a tractor but didn't arrange a water pumping pump, how to do irrigation in the greenhouse?
The pipe the cooperative gave for drip irrigation was of poor quality, it needs to be replaced immediately.
There was a problem because it didn't rain even in the post-monsoon, the cooperative should bring an alternative irrigation plan.
The pond the cooperative said they'd make for irrigation still isn't built, what will be the future of the greenhouse?
There was a lot of loss due to water shortage during planting season, the cooperative should provide compensation.
If the cooperative had given irrigation-related training, the drip irrigation system could have been operated well.
If the cooperative helped build rainwater harvesting tanks, it would provide a lot of relief.
The motor the cooperative gave to extract groundwater broke down, where to get water from now?
It's difficult to find drip irrigation pipe fittings, the cooperative should make them available.
The cooperative should take initiative to bring new technology for irrigation, it can't always run on old methods.
The vegetables planted in the greenhouse didn't grow well due to water shortage, the cooperative should provide some relief.
It would be easier if the cooperative made a mobile app for irrigation and provided information.
It takes a long time for canal irrigation water to reach the field, the cooperative should arrange it quickly.
The cooperative is stingy in giving grants for drip irrigation, it should give equally to all farmers.
The cooperative doesn't allocate enough budget for irrigation, how can greenhouse farming succeed?
Many farmers don't know the rules the cooperative made for irrigation, they need to be informed.
The teacher the cooperative provides for irrigation training isn't good, we need a teacher with technical knowledge.
The cooperative should call a meeting immediately to solve the irrigation problem.
The cooperative should bring a new plan for irrigation, the old plan wasn't effective.
The cooperative should encourage farmers for irrigation, they should increase the subsidies.
The cooperative's investment for irrigation was like pouring water on sand, we need an effective plan.
The cooperative should provide fertilizer on time for irrigation, what's the use if it's late?
The cooperative should provide technical support for irrigation, the farmers don't have the knowledge.
The cooperative should teach how to use rainwater harvesting for irrigation.
The cooperative should focus on finding alternative solutions for irrigation, one solution doesn't always work.
The cooperative should make a clear policy for irrigation, the current policy is unclear.
The cooperative should start a hotline to listen to farmers' complaints about irrigation.
The cooperative should make farmers aware about irrigation, many farmers don't know its importance.
The cooperative should publicize the details of the expenses made for irrigation, there should be transparency.
The agreement the cooperative makes for irrigation should be in the interest of the farmers, not just the cooperative.
The cooperative should monitor the work done for irrigation, they should see if the work is being done well.
This year, the government brought a program for young farmers, will it really be effective or just talk?
There's a rumor that we need to register at the cooperative to get fertilizer subsidies, but no one explains the process.
I heard the government brought some new plans for agricultural infrastructure development, but we haven't heard anything in our village yet.
If I had been included in the crop insurance plan, I would have gotten some relief from the hailstorm damage this year.
It would have been good to use improved seeds this season, but I couldn't because of lack of money.
Many young people back away because of the hassle of submitting too many documents to the bank to get agricultural loan facilities.
It remains to be seen how much the land reform program brought by the government will benefit small farmers.
If the agricultural extension service could reach the villages, farmers would be able to learn new technologies and farming methods.
The government should bring a special incentive package to attract young people to agriculture.
Maybe there will be some changes in the import-export policy and farmers will get some relief!
There was a lot of trouble not getting fertilizer when it was time to rain during the monsoon season.
There are many complaints that the subsidies given by the government in agriculture do not reach the real farmers.
This year the potato seeds were not good, so the production decreased, the government should pay attention to the quality of the seeds.
The government should bring a program to encourage the use of organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
We suffered a lot because there was no irrigation facility to water the fields, the government should do something.
No one came to the village to inform about the agricultural program brought by the government targeting the youth.
There is hope that wheat production will be good this winter season.
Weather changes have a big impact during planting season, there should be a mechanism to provide information about this.
It would be very easy for the farmers if the government agricultural office arranged for soil testing from time to time.
Many farmers cannot get the subsidy on agricultural tools provided by the government because the process is complicated.
If there was a training arrangement to use new technology in agriculture, young people would get a lot of encouragement.
Many farmers are unaware of the crop insurance program brought by the government.
The government should increase investment in the agricultural sector, only then will young people be attracted.
This year, many farms got flooded because of heavy rain during rice planting season.
Banks ask for too much collateral for agriculture loans, so many farmers don't get them.
It would be good if the government subsidized transportation of agricultural materials for farmers.
The apple crop was good this year, but there was a big loss because we didn't get good prices in the market, import-export policies should improve.
The government should bring a special package for young people working in agriculture.
Farmers who don't own land should also get government support.
What's the deadline for applying for crop insurance?
It would be very convenient for farmers if the government arranged proper storage for agricultural products at the local level.
To attract young people to agriculture, the government should develop technology-based farming systems.
Hopefully, there will be a good vegetable yield this winter season.
The agricultural extension service should run camps in villages to provide information about new seeds and technologies.
The government should bring a simple process to make loans easily available to farmers.
The government should bring new plans to reduce the impact of climate change on agriculture.
The government should subsidize modern equipment used in agriculture.
Local government should help in setting fair prices for agricultural products.
It would be convenient if we could get information about government schemes for farmers through a mobile app.
This year, the rice seeds were received late, which affected production, we should get seeds on time.
The government should conduct skill development training for young people working in agriculture.
The subsidies that the government gives in agriculture should be transparent.
To attract young people to agriculture, the government should bring a land leasing policy.
To reduce chemical fertilizer use in the fields, we should encourage organic fertilizer use.
Farmers are having problems because it takes too long to get crop insurance compensation.
This year, there was a lot of damage because of increased insect infestation in the field, the government should help control the insects.
The government should give opportunities to young people working in agriculture to go abroad to learn new technologies.
If the government made proper arrangements for marketing agricultural products, farmers would get a lot of relief.
There is a high possibility of heavy rain this monsoon, pay attention to the safety of the cold storage.
According to the weather forecast, there is a possibility of a cold wave in the next few days, protect the potato seeds.
Hail can destroy newly planted corn seedlings, cover them with plastic immediately.
There may be a shortage of water due to drought, it is wise to manage water from now on.
As the risk of flooding has increased, move the grain stored in the cold storage to a safe place.
As the risk of landslides has increased, strengthen the soil around the cold storage.
The weather forecast warns of heavy rain, the power supply may be cut off, be prepared.
Due to climate change, unexpected weather may occur, so plan and work accordingly.
If you don't take precautions in time, unseasonal floods can cause great damage.
Do not ignore the pre-warnings issued by the government, stay safe.
Excessive cold can rot the fruits stored in the cold storage, adjust the temperature.
The upcoming rain may affect the newly piled paddy, cover it with tarpaulin.
The storm can blow away the roof of the cold storage, check it properly.
There is a possibility of drought this year, build a pond to collect water.
The monsoon is about to start, close the places where water can enter the cold storage.
Plant crops according to the weather info given by agriculture experts, you'll have less loss.
There's a high chance of hailstorms this year, protect your fruit plants.
Build your cold storage in a safe place to avoid flood and landslide risk.
You can avoid a lot of damage if you work according to timely weather updates.
Make plans keeping in mind the information provided by the weather forecast service.
The temperature has dropped and there's frost, sprinkle ash to protect the potatoes.
The monsoon floods can wash away the cold storage goods, move them to a safe place.
The risk of landslides has increased, put up wire mesh around the cold storage.
Due to the effects of climate change, production may decrease, adopt new methods.
There is a possibility of storms in the next few days, bury the poles well.
There is a possibility of drought due to lack of rain, arrange for irrigation in the fields.
It is likely to be very hot this year, find ways to keep the cold storage cool.
Only take goods out of cold storage after getting weather information.
There is a risk of heavy rainfall this monsoon, be prepared to avoid flooding.
Prepare for the safety of the goods stored in the cold storage during floods.
Maintain proper temperature in the cold storage to protect potatoes from cold waves.
According to the weather forecast, there is a possibility of hailstorms, insure your crops.
To avoid drought, use water wisely, adopt drip irrigation.
Build the cold storage in a high place to avoid the risk of flooding.
Strengthen the walls of the cold storage to protect it from landslides.
Because of climate change, new diseases might come, so be careful.
If it rains too much in monsoon, the rice crop might rot, harvest it on time.
The wind might knock down trees and damage the cold storage, cut the trees.
This year, production might decrease because of drought, make a food security plan.
Don't put goods in the cold storage without checking the weather, it might spoil.
Hail might cause damage, so cover the fruit plants.
To reduce the effects of climate change, farm in an environment-friendly way.
It's likely to be very cold this year, increase the cold storage temperature.
The cold storage might leak during the rainy season, repair it.
There might be floods in the monsoon, insure the goods in the cold storage.
To avoid the risk of landslides, protect the land, plant trees.
Because of climate change, new pests might appear, control the pests on time.
When a storm is coming, close the cold storage doors and windows properly.
To avoid drought, plant crops that need less water, like millet and buckwheat.
Only store goods in the cold storage after getting weather information, otherwise there might be losses.
Spraying pesticides with drones in this greenhouse saves both time and cost.
I'm thinking of planting potatoes using a power tiller this year.
With the help of the weather app, it's now easy to know which day it will rain.
If we can apply the concept of precision farming in the greenhouse, production is likely to increase.
I was happy to find out that we can apply for fertilizer through a mobile app.
Because of greenhouse technology, now we can grow vegetables even out of season.
This Rabi season, I'm thinking of using new seeds for wheat farming.
The government gave subsidies for solar pumps, so it helped me a lot.
I understood that using compost fertilizer increases the fertility of the soil.
This year, I'm planning to rent a tractor and plow the field.
Weather forecasting apps really help in planning farming.
Using drone spraying services makes spraying pesticides faster and more effective.
Now we need to install new technology to control the temperature in the greenhouse.
The power tiller has made plowing the field much easier.
I liked the feature of being able to apply for soil testing through a mobile app.
After taking precision farming training, there has been a lot of improvement in the use of fertilizers and seeds.
Greenhouse technology has revolutionized vegetable farming.
Using solar pumps has made irrigation much easier.
After taking training on making compost fertilizer, I have reduced the use of chemical fertilizers.
With the help of a tractor, a large area can be cultivated quickly.
Using drones to spray pesticides reduces the negative effects on health.
The maintenance cost of the power tiller is a bit high, so there's a problem.
It was easy to save crops because of the accurate information from the weather app.
Investing in precision farming is expensive at first, but it will be profitable later.
I am very happy to get new information about agriculture from the mobile app.
Using modern technology in the greenhouse can double the production.
Planning to buy improved wheat seeds for the Rabi season.
With the help of a solar pump, we don't have to depend on rainwater for irrigation anymore.
Compost fertilizer not only fertilizes the soil but also protects the environment.
After learning to drive a tractor, I'm thinking of plowing other people's fields too.
I'm sure that spraying pesticides with a drone saves time and labor.
I need to get information about the government subsidy for buying a power tiller.
According to the weather app, it was supposed to rain yesterday, but it didn't.
I should talk to an agricultural expert to learn more about precision farming.
You can apply for an agricultural loan by putting your land details in a mobile app.
I am very satisfied that production has increased due to the use of greenhouse technology.
I'm thinking of using new technology to plant potatoes this winter.
After installing the solar pump, the hassle of paying electricity bills is gone.
I'm thinking of learning how to make compost fertilizer and teaching other farmers in the village too.
Although using a tractor makes farming much easier, it is very expensive.
It would be great if I could get training for drone spraying.
The use of power tillers has reduced the hassle of raising oxen.
It is very beneficial to farm by getting weather information from a mobile app.
Production can be increased if precision farming technology is adopted in the greenhouse.
I'm thinking of using a tractor for rice cultivation this year.
Solar pump has made irrigation so much easier.
Using compost fertilizer keeps the soil healthy.
There's a plan to spray fertilizer in the greenhouse using a drone.
Power tiller has made farm work much easier.
We can protect crops by getting weather information from a mobile app.
When farming ginger along with cardamom in hilly areas, pay attention to soil fertility, otherwise production may decrease.
Farmer sisters, be careful when planting wheat, if you don't choose the seeds well, there is a risk of disease.
If you don't test the soil before planting crops, you may not know what kind of fertilizer is needed, which will affect production.
Excessive use of chemical pesticides can degrade soil quality, encourage the use of compost fertilizer.
When planting rice, women farmers should arrange proper drainage to avoid waterlogging, otherwise the plants may rot.
Due to the lack of fertile soil in hilly areas, special attention should be paid when cultivating fruits, otherwise the plants may die.
Using local seeds can reduce disease resistance, so it is better to use improved seeds.
To avoid rhizome rot disease in ginger farming, if pesticides are not used in time, the crop may be destroyed.
Due to climate change, unexpected rains can damage vegetable farming, so use plastic tunnels.
When farming with a loan, pay attention to the market price, otherwise it may be difficult to repay the loan.
Due to lack of water in the mountains, corn production may decrease due to lack of proper irrigation.
If compost fertilizer is not properly decomposed, harmful germs can spread in the soil.
Increasing the use of chemical fertilizers in the greed for higher production will destroy the natural quality of the soil.
Insect infestations can increase in paddy fields during the post-monsoon season, so monitor regularly.
When using improved seeds, pay attention to soil fertility, otherwise the production may not be as expected.
Women farmers, when working together in groups, pay attention to seed selection, otherwise everyone's crops might get disease.
When growing wheat in hilly areas, if you don't fertilize on time, the yield might decrease.
If you plant seeds without understanding the soil condition at planting time, they might not germinate well.
If you don't wear protective clothing when using pesticides, you might get skin allergies.
Hail can damage fruit plants, so protect the plants.
If you don't get a good price in the local market, farmers might face problems selling their produce.
Women should take special precautions when using pesticides in the kitchen garden, it can affect their health.
To avoid diseases in cardamom farming, spray medicine on time, otherwise the plant might dry out.
Be careful when using tractors in hilly areas, accidents can happen.
In rainy season, before planting rice in waterlogged fields, get the soil tested, the yield might not be good.
If farmers don't participate in agricultural insurance schemes, they might suffer huge losses if their crops are destroyed.
When growing oranges in hilly areas, pay attention to bee conservation, without bees, pollination might not happen.
Don't use chemicals when making compost fertilizer, it can negatively affect the soil.
If fruits are infested with insects, consult an agricultural expert before using homemade pesticides.
There might be a shortage of water when growing vegetables in the Rabi season, so use drip irrigation.
When women farmers plant rice, it is better to plant seedlings of muddy-tolerant rice in fields with long-term waterlogging, otherwise production will decrease.
When growing corn in hilly areas, plant seeds when the first rain falls, otherwise the yield may be low if it is late.
Soil testing is mandatory to know the amount of essential nutrients in the soil before planting crops, otherwise it is difficult for the crop to thrive.
If you use pesticides without adjusting the dosage, it can negatively affect the crop.
When farming cardamom in the hills, if you don't provide proper shade, the plant is likely to dry out.
Farmers might miss out on benefits if they don't know about the government grants.
If water gets stuck in the field after monsoon, it's better to plant other crops instead of rice.
Use less chemical fertilizer for wheat farming, it reduces the soil fertility.
When growing potatoes on slopes, use proper methods to protect the soil, otherwise landslides can happen.
Farmers have a hard time avoiding losses from natural disasters if they don't insure their crops on time.
When beekeeping, don't let them make honey from poisonous flower nectar, eating that honey affects your health.
When farming cardamom in the hills, if you don't check the soil acidity, the plants might not grow well.
Using too much water when farming rice can negatively affect the environment, let's use water wisely.
Using pesticides in vegetable farming can seriously affect human health, let's use organic pesticides.
The environment can get polluted if farmers don't manage fertilizer properly.
If you only use chemical fertilizer without using organic fertilizer, the soil fertility decreases.
Using local seeds might mean less disease resistance, so it's better to use improved seeds.
You might have to use more pesticides when farming off-season vegetables, it can negatively affect your health.
If you don't manage proper water drainage when farming cardamom in the hills, the plant can rot.
You should drain water well because the rice plant can rot if too much water collects when planting rice.
What kind of packaging is needed to send seeds to the export market?
Can we get some loan from the cooperative for irrigation repairs?
We were late planting rice this year because of lack of water, when will the canal water come?
What's the process to get grant for drip irrigation, Mr. Chairman?
I applied for fertilizer at the cooperative, how many days will it take to arrive?
Where can I find wheat seeds this Rabi season?
Are there any schemes for collecting rainwater and using it for irrigation?
Where should I go to get training on sprinkler irrigation systems?
The paddy seeds weren't good this time; where can I find improved seeds for next time?
The field dried up because the canal irrigation water wasn't regular; what to do now?
When will we get pesticide medicine from the cooperative?
Is there a subsidy for buying plastic for mulching in the field?
This year the crops were destroyed by the drought; how will we make a living now?
Will any technicians come to help create an irrigation schedule?
What kind of preparations should be made for post-monsoon vegetable farming?
It costs a lot to irrigate by pumping groundwater; what other options are there?
There was a lot of problem not getting water during planting season, what to do now?
Are irrigation tools available at the cooperative?
Due to lack of water, paddy transplantation could not be done this year, what to do now?
Can the cooperative arrange pipes for irrigation?
Will the canal water come regularly after the rainy season ends?
What kind of soil is suitable for drip irrigation?
How much investment is required for a sprinkler irrigation system?
Do we need to do boring to extract ground water?
Where can I get training on how to collect rainwater and use it for irrigation?
The crops are drying up because the water isn't coming according to the irrigation schedule, what to do?
Rice production decreased due to lack of water, how to get compensation now?
Where can I find workers for irrigation repair?
When will the fertilizer for the Rabi season come to the cooperative?
The potato seeds weren't good this time, where should I get them from next time?
Can we arrange pipes to get canal water to the field?
Is it possible to get a loan from the cooperative for drip irrigation?
Where to submit the application for a grant for sprinkler irrigation?
How to arrange electricity to extract underground water?
How much does it cost to build a tank to collect rainwater?
Who to complain to when the water doesn't come according to the irrigation schedule?
Wheat production will decrease this year due to lack of water, what to do?
How is the budget released for irrigation repair?
Do I have to deposit money at the cooperative for fertilizer?
The wheat seeds have insects this time, what to do?
What are the rules for canal water distribution?
How much area is needed for drip irrigation?
How much water is needed for a sprinkler irrigation system?
What kind of motor should I use to extract underground water?
What kind of tank should I build to collect rainwater?
Who makes the irrigation schedule?
Due to lack of water, corn production will decrease this year, what to do?
Who to contact for irrigation repair?
How to manage water during potato planting season?
How much does it cost to get canal water to the field?
What kind of discount is available on tools needed for irrigation?
Cooperative farming in Terai has helped increase food security.
The cooperative had a good wheat production this Rabi season.
Lack of fertilizer has created problems in cooperative farming.
Cooperative farming has created employment opportunities in the village.
We have planned to cultivate paddy collectively through cooperative.
Farmers affiliated with the cooperative will be trained in pre-monsoon.
The use of modern tractors should be increased for cooperative farming.
The cooperative distributes pesticides to farmers for pest control.
The cooperative has decided to cultivate potatoes in the post-monsoon.
We have started producing compost fertilizer through the cooperative.
Income has increased after getting involved in cooperative farming.
The cooperative has arranged to provide loans to farmers to buy fertilizer.
The use of modern technology in cooperative farming increases production.
It seems there are many benefits to collective farming by joining a cooperative.
The cooperative has prioritized maize farming in the Kharif season.
The cooperative is preparing to distribute rice seeds to the farmers.
Cooperative farming has helped in food security.
The cooperative is going to give tractor driving training to the farmers.
The cooperative has encouraged the use of organic fertilizer to reduce pesticide use.
Farmers have become self-reliant after getting involved in cooperative farming.
The cooperative has suggested using locally produced compost fertilizer.
The cooperative advises farmers to do seasonal farming.
The cooperative has encouraged the use of improved seeds.
Products produced from cooperative farming are easily sold in the market.
The cooperative provides the agricultural tools needed by the farmers.
The cooperative encourages farmers to farm collectively.
The cooperative helps farmers learn new technology.
The cooperative provides information about the correct use of fertilizer to increase production.
The cooperative teaches farmers how to plant crops.
The cooperative teaches farmers how to use modern tractors.
The cooperative raises awareness to reduce the use of pesticides.
The cooperative has tried to solve the fertilizer problem by teaching how to make compost fertilizer.
The cooperative is coordinating with the government for fertilizer.
The cooperative has provided tractors to farmers on subsidy.
The cooperative gave information about the negative effects of using pesticides.
The cooperative is encouraging farmers to grow vegetables in the post-monsoon season.
The cooperative helped farmers prepare rice seedlings in the pre-monsoon season.
The cooperative has planned for rice planting in the Kharif season.
The cooperative has started preparing for wheat cultivation in the Rabi season.
The cooperative has launched a new program for food security.
The cooperative taught farmers to work together collectively.
The cooperative informed farmers about improved seeds.
The cooperative encouraged the use of organic pesticides instead of chemical pesticides.
The cooperative has introduced a new plan for fertilizer management.
The cooperative provided tractor maintenance training to the farmers.
The cooperative managed fertilizer in advance to prevent shortages.
The cooperative trained farmers to control pests.
The cooperative encouraged farmers to make compost fertilizer.
The cooperative is providing services to farmers by renting tractors.
The cooperative has emphasized the use of organic fertilizer to reduce pesticide use.
The cooperative has arranged to store fertilizer in warehouses and distribute it at reasonable prices.
The agricultural subsidy program brought by the government has provided a lot of relief to small farmers.
The cooperative should test the quality of seeds when storing them in the warehouse.
It would have been much easier for the farmers if the cooperative could provide agricultural extension services on time.
The cooperative should inform members about the land improvement program.
After participating in the crop insurance plan, there's less worry about damage from natural disasters.
The cooperative should provide farmers with easy access to loan facilities.
If agricultural infrastructure is developed in the warehouse, it will be easier to store goods.
The cooperative should inform farmers about the import-export policy of agricultural products.
It seems the cooperative needs to increase the capacity of the warehouse for storing rice.
This year, the cooperative has decided to subsidize improved seeds for farmers.
There is a need for the cooperative to train farmers on pesticide use.
The cooperative plans to provide wheat seeds on time this year.
The cooperative has arranged to provide loans to farmers to purchase agricultural tools.
There is a sufficient stock of chemical fertilizer in the cooperative's warehouse.
The cooperative is going to conduct soil testing camps under the agricultural extension service.
The cooperative is encouraging farmers to participate in the land improvement program.
The cooperative should inform farmers about the importance of crop insurance.
The cooperative has given great relief to the farmers by providing concessional loan facilities.
The cooperative plans to collaborate with the government in the construction of agricultural infrastructure.
The cooperative has demanded that the import-export policy be improved to promote local production.
The cooperative has arranged to provide subsidies to farmers on hand tractors.
The cooperative stores seeds in the warehouse only after checking their quality.
The cooperative provides information on new technologies through agricultural extension workers.
The cooperative provides technical assistance to farmers for land improvement.
The cooperative helps farmers gather the necessary documents for crop insurance.
The cooperative helps farmers with the process needed to get agriculture loans.
The cooperative has introduced a new plan for irrigation under agricultural infrastructure.
The cooperative has suggested that a new import-export policy should be introduced to promote exports.
The cooperative is trying to provide fertilizer on time for the monsoon rice.
The cooperative has prioritized the distribution of improved seeds.
The cooperative teaches farmers about the use of crop-enhancing hormones.
The cooperative aims to make the supply of chemical fertilizers easier this year.
The cooperative has requested additional manpower to make agricultural extension services more effective.
The cooperative is coordinating with the government for land reform programs.
The cooperative is taking initiative to simplify the crop insurance claim payment process.
The cooperative has planned to provide loans to small farmers without collateral.
The cooperative has partnered with local bodies for the development of agricultural infrastructure.
The cooperative has suggested managing the import and export of agricultural products.
The cooperative plans to distribute improved varieties of rice seeds to farmers this year.
The cooperative has organized training to inform farmers about the correct use of pesticides.
The cooperative has stored enough fertilizer in the warehouse to provide it to farmers on time.
The cooperative has mobilized volunteers to bring agricultural extension services to every village.
The cooperative is encouraging farmers to make the land improvement program effective.
The cooperative is doing door-to-door campaigns to explain the importance of crop insurance.
The cooperative has made an agreement with the bank to provide subsidized loans.
The cooperative has requested grants from the government for the construction of agricultural infrastructure.
The cooperative has urged changes in import-export policies to prioritize local production.
The cooperative has arranged to provide training to farmers on how to use modern agricultural equipment.
Farmers don't have to worry because the cooperative's warehouse has enough stock of seeds and fertilizers.
A lot of grain will go to waste this year because there's no space in the warehouse, how to do food preservation?
It was easy to dry grains in the dry season, but it's very difficult this monsoon.
We don't get a good price if we don't do good grading and packaging, what to do?
We couldn't store potatoes for many days because there's no cold storage.
The insects during storage are annoying, can you suggest some solutions?
It rained during rice harvesting, now how to do food preservation?
If there was a cold storage nearby, there wouldn't be so much loss.
Where to arrange sacks for packaging?
There's no money to buy a grading machine, it takes a lot of time doing it by hand.
The grains started to rot in the field because there's no place to dry them.
Does the government provide any help to build a warehouse?
This time's rain has further increased the storage problem.
If I could get food preservation training, I could learn a lot.
Where can I find pesticides to control storage insects?
The paddy seeds were good, but all went to waste because the storage wasn't good.
I heard you don't get a good price in the market if the packaging isn't good, is it true?
We're forced to sell vegetables cheaply because there's no cold storage.
Many grains have already been infested with insects because we didn't pay attention to storage.
There was a lot of loss this year in the Kharif season.
How good it would be if we could use modern technology for food preservation.
Mold grew even when I kept the grain in a dry place, what could be the reason?
Rats are eating the grain in the warehouse and it's driving me crazy.
Where can I find plastic bags for packaging?
Is there any government training for grading?
How much land might be needed to build a cold storage?
I heard that the quality of grain decreases if you don't pay attention to storage.
Teach me some new methods for food preservation.
How much does the insecticide to kill storage pests cost?
I hope to grow a lot of potatoes this winter, but I'm worried about storage.
I was happy to see the price increase after the packaging was good.
It's easy to separate the good from the bad when grading.
Are loans available for cold storage?
I didn't know that you need a well-ventilated place for storage.
When is the training for food preservation?
How to protect from storage pests?
It's so hard to dry grains this monsoon.
Where can I find good sacks for packaging?
Please give me some information about grading machines.
How much does it cost to build a cold storage?
Please tell me some cheap ways for food preservation.
Storage pests ate a lot of grain.
This year, there's a lot of paddy, but there's a storage problem.
There was a lot of loss because the packaging wasn't good.
It sells for less if you sell without grading.
Many farmers are having problems due to the lack of cold storage.
This disease looks like it's going to wipe out the entire crop, is there any solution?
There are so many weeds in the field that I had to spray pesticide.
What kind of mask should I wear when using pesticides?
It is better to call an agricultural technician after the crop gets diseased.
This disease starts from the roots of the plant and spreads.
If not treated in time, this disease can cause great damage.
It is mandatory to wear gloves when using pesticides.
This year, there has been a lot of stem borer infestation in paddy.
We got very good results using organic pesticides.
We need to understand that using pesticides also affects the environment.
After this disease, the plant's leaves start turning yellow.
This year, blight disease caused a lot of damage to potatoes.
When using pesticides, children should be kept away.
After this disease, the plant starts drying out, what to do?
To reduce the use of pesticides, the use of organic fertilizer should be increased.
The use of organic pesticides should be encouraged instead of chemical pesticides.
Farmers should be informed about pesticides to control this disease.
Selling after storing in cold storage doesn't have much price fluctuation compared to the unstable prices in the local market.
There is a lot of competition in the wholesale market, so selling directly is a bit more profitable.
It is easier to sell in the cooperative market compared to other markets because members are given priority.
Access to the online market is increasing, but farmers still find it more difficult to use compared to the local market.
Middlemen are more likely to take advantage in the post-flood situation, so it is better to sell directly.
It seems easier to sell in the local market because the process of preparing export documents is complicated.
The price of vegetables increases in the rainy season, but production is low at this time compared to winter.
Prices fluctuate a lot in the wholesale market, but after storing in cold storage, the price becomes somewhat stable.
In the current situation, it is more profitable to sell directly to customers than to sell in the cooperative market.
There are many rules for selling goods in the online market, so it is easier to sell in the local market.
It takes a lot of time to prepare export documents, so it is quicker to sell in the local market.
During the rainy season, it is difficult to reach the market due to bad roads, but the price is good compared to other times.
Middlemen in the wholesale market give low prices, so selling directly is more profitable.
There's a lot of credit in cooperative markets, so a market where you sell directly for cash is better.
There's a chance of returns in the online market, but this problem is less common in the local market.
It's difficult for small farmers because export documents are expensive, but this isn't a problem in the local market.
In the current situation, it's easier to sell winter vegetables than rainy season vegetables.
It's better to trade in the cooperative market because the method of pricing in the wholesale market isn't transparent.
There is a lack of trust between buyer and seller in the online market, but that's not the case when selling directly.
The local market is an easy option for farmers because they don't have enough information to prepare export documents.
Production decreases and prices increase in the rainy season, but such prices are not available in other seasons.
Middlemen take a lot of commission in the wholesale market, so it's better to sell in cooperatives.
Not all members' goods may be sold in the cooperative market, but when selling directly, you can sell your own goods yourself.
Customers can easily find out the price in the online market, but prices have to be negotiated in the local market.
You have to go to government offices to make export documents, but there is no such hassle in the local market.
It's difficult to get to the market in the rainy season due to the fear of floods and landslides, but it's easier in other seasons.
You get money immediately in the local market compared to the wholesale market.
It takes time to sell goods in the cooperative market, but you get money immediately when you sell directly.
You have to advertise goods in the online market, but this is not necessary in the local market.
Many rules have to be followed to make export documents, but transactions can be done easily in the local market.
The importance of cold storage is greater during the rainy season than at other times because prices fluctuate.
It is difficult to get a fair price for your produce in the wholesale market, but some hope can be placed in cooperatives.
Selling directly makes a good relationship with customers, but that's not possible in the online market.
Making export documents is a long and expensive process, so selling goods in the local market is many farmers' obligation.
Vegetable prices skyrocket in the rainy season more than in the winter.
Small farmers' goods might not be prioritized in the wholesale market, but everyone has equal opportunities in the cooperative market.
You can talk directly with customers when selling directly compared to selling through a cooperative.
It's easier to sell in the local market because there's a lot of competition in the online market.
Because of the hassle of export documents, many farmers limit their produce to the local market.
Vegetable prices increase a lot more in the rainy season than in other seasons.
Farmers get some relief in the cooperative market compared to the wholesale market.
When selling directly, you can inform customers about your product, which isn't possible online.
It's much easier to sell in the local market than to make export documents.
There is direct contact with customers in the local market compared to the online market.
The price determination process is somewhat transparent in the cooperative market, but not in the wholesale market.
Because of the cost of making export documents, the local market is the choice for many.
Vegetable prices are more stable in winter than in the rainy season.
There are people to listen to farmers' problems in cooperatives compared to the wholesale market.
You get customer feedback when selling directly, but that's not possible in the online market.
It's more profitable to sell in the local market because you have to pay a lot of commission in the online market.
Government subsidies should be more effective than the fertilizer subsidies provided by cooperatives, but that's not the case in practice.
The crop insurance program was expected to provide relief to farmers, but it hasn't been very effective due to the complicated process.
Big farmers get agriculture loans more easily than small farmers.
Modern farming helps increase production more than traditional farming.
Even if hybrid seeds increase production compared to local seeds, won't it negatively affect the soil quality?
Agricultural extension services haven't been as effective as the services provided by cooperatives.
It's easier to grow wheat in winter than paddy rice in monsoon.
This cooperative's fertilizer subsidy is a bit less compared to other cooperatives.
Even though the land reform program the government brought has good intentions, the implementation is weak.
There has been some improvement in agricultural infrastructure compared to before, but it's not enough.
The provincial government's programs should be more farmer-oriented than the agricultural grant programs provided by the rural municipality.
Cooperatives should provide fertilizer to farmers at fair prices compared to private companies.
Because the rice import-export policy changed this year, the price is very different.
Even if production is less when using organic fertilizer compared to chemical fertilizer, the soil health remains good.
This cooperative has given more subsidies on power tillers compared to others.
The programs run by cooperatives are more effective than the agricultural programs announced by the government.
You can get a slightly higher price in the agricultural market compared to the local market.
The climate here is best for orange farming compared to other places.
The training given by agricultural experts is more useful than the training given by cooperatives.
The number of farmers insuring their crops has increased this year compared to the past.
The government has invested more in agricultural infrastructure development now compared to before.
The use of chemical fertilizer in agriculture has increased this year, but production hasn't increased much.
Compared to other years, this year we're hoping for good rice production because there's been a lot of rain in the Kharip season.
Compared to other cooperatives, our cooperative focuses more on seed quality.
Compared to previous years, the government has increased subsidies in the agriculture sector this year.
Compared to government agricultural loans, the loan process from cooperatives is simpler.
Compared to before, the influence of middlemen in the agricultural market has increased now.
This time, it rained a lot during the rice planting season, so production is expected to increase compared to last year.
Compared to others, this cooperative has given good subsidies on agricultural tools.
Compared to last year, the price of agricultural materials has increased this year.
Compared to government agencies, cooperatives can solve farmers' problems faster.
This year, because there were fewer subsidies on potato seeds, many farmers couldn't plant them compared to last year.
Compared to other places, the soil here is suitable for maize cultivation.
Compared to the hills, there is more potential for agricultural development in the Terai.
Compared to chemical fertilizers, compost fertilizer is much more beneficial to the soil.
Compared to the services provided by cooperatives, the services provided by the agricultural office are less effective.
Compared to others, this cooperative provides agricultural equipment to farmers at a cheaper price.
Compared to before, young people are now attracted to agriculture.
Compared to cooperatives, it is more cumbersome to register an agricultural firm.
Compared to other crops, there is more risk in rice farming.
Compared to government subsidies, cooperative subsidies are easier to get.
This year, wheat production seems to be lower compared to last year.
Compared to other cooperatives, this one runs the animal insurance program well.
Compared to traditional farming, modern farming can increase production.
Farmers are having problems because the government's import-export policy changes frequently.
Compared to others, this cooperative gives more subsidies on improved seeds to farmers.
Agricultural extension services should be more effective than the services provided by the cooperative.
It is more difficult to get an agricultural loan from a bank compared to what the cooperative provides.
Compared to last year, the use of technology in agriculture has increased this year.
Due to the shortage of DAP fertilizer in Terai, young people have started leaving farming, how to do business now?
Farmers can't afford to buy fertilizer because the price of chemical fertilizer has skyrocketed, my business is going to sink.
When farmers were encouraged to use compost fertilizer, the sale of chemical fertilizer decreased, what to do now?
Farmers are upset because they don't get urea fertilizer on time, they scold me, what should I do?
The price of potash fertilizer has gone through the roof, how to buy and sell, I am in trouble.
Not many people know about bio fertilizer, it's hard to sell fertilizer.
Farmers doubt me because the fertilizer subsidy provided by the government does not come on time.
The crops did not grow well due to the untimely supply of fertilizer, they blame me for no reason.
The soil was ruined by using too much fertilizer, what's the point of selling fertilizer now?
Even when the demand for fertilizer increased during the monsoon, it was not supplied, I felt awkward.
It is difficult to get fertilizer even in the post-monsoon season, farmers get angry.
Farmers are disappointed because they don't get fertilizer at planting time, how to do business?
There was a shortage of fertilizer even in the spring season, I am stressed.
We should give training to increase the use of compost fertilizer, sales have decreased and it's a problem.
Farmers are getting cheated because there's no system to check fertilizer quality, and they suspect me too.
Farmers are suffering because they don't get the right information about fertilizer, and my business is also down.
We need to teach farmers about fertilizer use, what's the point of me just selling it?
Tractor prices have increased, and farmers can't buy them, where will they get money to buy fertilizer?
The power tillers are broken and sitting idle, how to transport fertilizer?
It's time to find alternatives to chemical fertilizer, how long can we go on like this?
Black marketing of DAP fertilizer has increased, I'm afraid of getting framed.
Due to the shortage of urea fertilizer, farmers have started committing suicide, I'm feeling scared.
The soil is ruined because of lack of knowledge about using potash fertilizer, what to do now?
Even when using bio fertilizer, production didn't increase, farmers have stopped trusting.
The process of fertilizer subsidies is complicated, farmers are suffering.
The crops were ruined because the fertilizer wasn't used at the right time, and they scold me for no reason.
The soil became barren due to excessive fertilizer use, what to sell now?
Rice planting stopped because we didn't get fertilizer during the monsoon, how will my business run?
Wheat production decreased because we didn't get fertilizer even after the monsoon, I suffered a loss.
Many farmers moved to the city because they didn't get fertilizer during planting season, who will live in the village now?
It's difficult to get fertilizer for vegetable farming in the spring, how to sell it?
We should bring a program to encourage farmers to make compost fertilizer, sales of chemical fertilizer have decreased.
Farmers are getting cheated because there is no laboratory to check the quality of fertilizer, I also feel awkward.
The wrong info about fertilizer confused the farmers, how to make them believe now?
Agricultural technicians should come to the village to inform farmers about fertilizer use, what's the point of me just saying it?
Couldn't deliver fertilizer on time because of lack of tractors, it was hard for me.
Farmers suffered because there's no place to repair power tillers, and my business also went down.
We should use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer, but who listens?
Farmers are threatening me because they can't get DAP fertilizer, what to do?
Farmers stopped farming because the price of urea fertilizer increased, I'm ruined.
Potato production decreased due to lack of potash fertilizer, I had a loss.
Couldn't meet the demand because bio fertilizer production is low, what to do?
Farmers were forced to take loans at interest to buy fertilizer because the government was late to subsidize fertilizer.
Farmers ruined their crops because they didn't know how to use fertilizer at the right time, and they blame me.
Farmers poisoned the soil by using too much fertilizer, how to farm now?
The monsoon floods washed away the fertilizer, how will the farmers buy fertilizer?
The crops dried up due to drought after the monsoon, what's the point of using fertilizer?
Couldn't transport fertilizer due to strikes during planting season, I had a big loss.
The storm destroyed the crops in the spring, who will pay for the fertilizer?
Farmers only used chemical fertilizer because they didn't get training on how to make compost fertilizer, the soil is ruined.
Young farmers should take safety precautions when using pesticides.
Adopting organic pest control methods in hilly areas is good for the environment.
Choose seeds carefully and only then plant during planting season, there is less chance of disease.
To protect crops from viral diseases, use healthy seeds and keep the fields clean.
You can control pest outbreaks by using integrated pest management methods.
Pay special attention to weed control in the field when planting rice.
Using compost fertilizer keeps the soil healthy and reduces the chance of disease.
Spray pesticides regularly to protect fruit plants from fungal diseases.
Use organic pesticides to avoid insects in the fields before the rains.
Take necessary measures to control rats in the field during harvest time.
Take integrated pest management training to reduce pesticide use.
Since there is a lack of water in the hilly areas, use irrigation equipment properly.
Young farmers should participate in training to learn about the safe use of pesticides.
Identify the insects seen in the fields and choose the appropriate pesticide.
To protect crops from bacterial diseases, make sure water does not accumulate in the field.
When using pesticides, don't forget to wear necessary masks and gloves for your safety.
Learn to use modern equipment to control weeds in the field and save time and labor.
Integrated pest management protects the environment as well as the crop.
Get the soil tested before planting seeds to find out the deficiencies in the soil.
Give priority to the use of organic fertilizers when farming in hilly areas.
If the crop is diseased, contact an agricultural technician immediately for advice.
Use pesticides in the right amount, using too much has a negative effect.
You can also adopt home remedies to control insects seen in the fields.
Use organic methods as much as possible to reduce pesticide use.
Before planting, treat the seeds well and then plant.
If there are too many rats in the field, you can use traditional trapping methods.
Inspect the fields regularly and start treatment immediately if you see signs of disease.
Young farmers should use new technology to control weeds.
To protect crops from fungal diseases, make sure there is good airflow in the field.
Learn how to make compost fertilizer and reduce the use of chemical fertilizers.
When using pesticides, consider the wind direction and take care of your health.
Get help from the local agriculture office for integrated pest management.
Choose disease-resistant seeds to avoid viral diseases in crops.
Make proper drainage so that water does not accumulate in the field during the rainy season.
Young farmers should discuss with agricultural experts for new information on pest control.
Be aware of the environmental impact of pesticide use.
Control weeds in the field in time because they affect the crop.
Integrated pest management helps reduce production costs.
Read agriculture-related books to learn about crop diseases.
Dispose of empty pesticide containers safely after use.
Use light traps to attract insects in the field.
Young farmers should be encouraged to use organic pesticides instead of pesticides.
You can use mobile apps to identify crop diseases.
You can control pests by attracting birds to the fields.
When using pesticides, be careful not to affect your neighbor's fields.
Spread the concept of integrated pest management in the villages.
Listen to agricultural radio programs for information about crop diseases.
Take pictures of the pests in the fields and show them to an agricultural expert.
When using pesticides, read the instructions on the label carefully.
Work in farmer groups for integrated pest management.
As youths migrate abroad from the Terai, the challenge of food preservation is increasing.
Farmers here are suffering a lot of losses due to lack of proper knowledge of grading and packaging.
If we can arrange cold storage, vegetables and fruits can be stored safely for a long time.
Many farmers have complained about suffering huge losses from storage pests.
In remote Terai villages, crops are damaged due to lack of proper drying techniques.
It is difficult to store grain due to floods and landslides during the monsoon.
A lot of vegetables are being wasted in the Terai region due to lack of cold storage.
Storage pests must be controlled to keep grain safe.
Farmers here are not aware of advanced packaging.
Good prices can be obtained only if goods are sent to the market after grading.
It is necessary to adopt proper drying methods for food preservation.
The construction of cold storage helps to create employment for youths in the village.
Cold storage is very useful for seasonal and off-season vegetables.
If there's no proper air management in storage, there's a chance of mold in the grains.
There's a fear of insects infesting grains stored after the monsoon.
We need to make farmers understand the importance of modern storage.
The use of chemical fertilizers has reduced the fertility of the soil.
The use of plastic has had a bad effect on the environment.
Using a grading machine makes work faster and easier.
The local government should pay attention to building cold storage.
It is necessary to develop drying technology in this area.
The government should provide subsidies for cold storage.
If you can't maintain the right temperature in storage, there's a risk of the grains spoiling.
Advanced packaging keeps goods safe for a long time.
It is important to spread awareness about food preservation in the Terai.
The farmers here don't know about improved seeds.
Correct use of fertilizer can increase production.
Farmers are likely to be cheated if they don't have knowledge of grading.
Farmers don't get a fair price due to lack of cold storage.
A lot of grain is wasted if storage is not taken care of.
Using drying technology protects grains from mold.
If you don't pay attention to packaging, there is a chance of the goods spoiling.
Knowledge of food preservation makes farmers self-reliant.
We should give the farmers here training on how to make compost fertilizer.
Cold storage helps keep vegetable prices stable.
We need to help farmers control storage pests.
The materials used in packaging should be eco-friendly.
Grading increases the quality of goods.
Drying technology helps preserve grains for longer.
We are looking for land for cold storage.
Training should be provided for food preservation.
Many farmers are worried about storage problems during the monsoon.
Farmers get frustrated when grains are destroyed by pests in storage.
Grading and packaging help get a good price in the market.
The construction of cold storage boosts the local economy.
The farmers here should focus on using organic fertilizer.
We need to provide information about modern grain drying technology.
It is necessary to bring a new plan for food preservation in Terai.
Hoping for good income from goat farming this year, so I'm focusing on livestock insurance plan.
I have planted fodder grass for goats in this greenhouse, it reduces the problem of animal feed.
Cows need plenty of water in the summer, so water should be arranged.
Buffaloes need fertilizer to grow improved grass, so I have started making compost fertilizer.
It seems training is needed to start a poultry business, so I have also registered my name.
You can make a good environment for beekeeping in a greenhouse, I was thinking about that too.
I heard the government gives grants to dig ponds for fish farming, gotta look into that.
There's a risk of disease in pig farming, so you gotta call the vet regularly.
Sheep farming needs grazing land, but there's not enough space here to graze.
Yak farming is only possible in the high mountains, it won't work in our place.
You have to vaccinate goats to protect them from diseases, I've vaccinated all my goats.
It's getting hard to raise goats because the price of animal feed has gone up, gotta find cheaper feed.
I've already started planting grass needed for the goats in the Rabi season.
During the monsoon, the shed needs to be well-managed to protect the goats from the rain.
It's easy to feed goats tree fodder in the spring season.
You should get information about goat diseases that occur in the pre-monsoon.
You should ask the vet about the hormones needed for goat growth.
You should use fertile soil in the greenhouse to make fertilizer.
You should have information about the nutrients needed for goats.
I've insured my goats this year, even if the crops are destroyed, I'll get some relief.
I need to take a loan from the bank for goat farming, I need to register the firm.
You should contact the animal service office to get the goat's health checked.
The government has launched a program to provide grants to farmers for animal husbandry.
The goat shed should be kept clean, otherwise there is a possibility of disease.
This time I'm thinking of raising improved breeds of goats, I need training for that.
Goats need deworming medicine time to time, I gave them just yesterday.
The medicine that goats need is available in the shop near the greenhouse.
It's easy to manage household expenses by selling cow's milk, I'm also looking for other sources of income.
Compost fertilizer can be made from buffalo dung, it's good for the field.
Corn is needed to make feed for chickens, that's why I've also planted corn.
The beehive should be kept in a safe place, otherwise there is a risk of theft.
The pond water should be clean for fish farming, the water needs to be changed.
Pigs need good food, so cheap and nutritious food should be found.
There is a lot of income from sheep wool, a market should be found to sell the wool.
I've heard that good money can be earned by selling yak milk and ghee.
Goats should be given minerals regularly, I use stone powder for that.
It is difficult to get seeds of fodder grass used as animal feed, I should check at the agriculture office.
There is a shortage of grass for goats in the Rabi season, so preparations should be made from now.
During the monsoon, the shed should be warmed to protect the goats from the cold.
New grass grows for goats in the spring, so this season is good.
Medicine should be kept ready to protect goats from diseases in the pre-monsoon.
A balanced diet is needed for the growth and development of goats, so feed should be arranged.
The dung should be decomposed well to make fertilizer, a proper process should be adopted for that.
The vitamins and minerals needed for goats are not available in the greenhouse, they need to be bought.
This year the goat insurance should be renewed, the insurance period is about to expire.
It's been easier to pay back the bank loan for goat farming, income has increased.
The goat health checkup report has to be submitted to the veterinary office, it's needed for the grant.
You have to fill out the grant form the government gives to farmers for animal husbandry, it's available at the rural municipality.
You have to spray medicine to protect the goat shed from insects, you have to control the insects.
This time I moved the goats to a new place, there's a good environment in the greenhouse.
During winter, a mixed farming system should be adopted to make fertile soil.
The villagers have finally understood that a good income can be made by planting fruit plants.
I'm planning to plant wheat this Rabi season.
If we could collect and store water in the post-monsoon season, it would be easier to irrigate.
After planting fodder trees in the field, there won't be a problem of grass for the livestock.
Experts have said that many trees should be planted to increase carbon storage.
This time I'm thinking of doing shade farming in the apple orchard.
If the government subsidized improved seeds and fertilizers, farmers would get relief.
We suffered a lot when it rained during the rice harvesting season.
Plowing the field with a power tiller is really easy.
Due to lack of water, there is a compulsion to take a loan to buy irrigation equipment.
In the spring season, the heart is filled with joy when new shoots come out.
The use of fertilizer helps to increase the fertility of the soil.
It takes a long time to grow timber trees, so patience is needed.
I learned that planting fodder trees contributes to carbon storage.
These days, many are earning good money from fruit farming.
Production has decreased because there isn't a good irrigation system.
We should use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
This year, I'm thinking of planting corn instead of rice in the field.
I'm happy to contribute to carbon sequestration by planting trees.
To protect fruit plants from insects, we should use organic pesticides.
Napier grass not only fertilizes the soil but also protects against landslides.
Excessive use of chemical fertilizers has reduced the quality of the soil.
Seeing the good income from Napier grass farming, I am also attracted to it.
We should focus on forest conservation for carbon sequestration.
Fruit plants should be weeded from time to time.
It was difficult to plant the Rabi season crop this time because it didn't rain.
Plowing the field has become much easier with the use of a power tiller.
It won't be long now to harvest the paddy crop planted in the post-monsoon season.
Animals get the necessary nutrients from Napier grass.
The use of chemical fertilizers reduces the fertility of the soil.
We can help protect the environment by planting fruit plants.
Due to lack of irrigation, a lot of land remains barren.
Carbon sequestration helps reduce the effects of climate change.
Regular pruning of Napier grass increases production.
I'm thinking of planting potatoes in the Rabi season.
We're building an irrigation canal, so the villagers are working together.
There's a high chance of rice crops getting diseases during the post-monsoon season.
If you don't fertilize fruit plants on time, the yield decreases.
The concept of community forests has proven effective for carbon sequestration.
The government is providing subsidies for planting fodder trees.
This Rabi season, I'm planning to plant mustard.
I had to rent a power tiller to plow the field.
The rice crop planted in the post-monsoon season is doing well.
Proper management of fodder trees will help the livestock business thrive.
Special attention should be given to protect fruit plants from the cold.
It is necessary to build a pond to collect rainwater for irrigation.
Compost fertilizer should be used in the fields for carbon sequestration.
Fertilizers should be used to increase wheat production in the Rabi season.
How many more days are left for the monsoon to start?
I wonder if it will rain on time this year or if there will be a drought?
How will frost affect the potatoes this year?
What kind of plans has the cooperative brought to avoid the risk of floods and landslides?
How can we get compensation if our greenhouse is damaged by the storm?
I wonder if we'll get fertilizer when it's time to plant rice this year?
Does the cooperative have any system to provide weather forecast information?
What measures should we take to avoid drought?
What should I do to get relief if hail damages vegetable crops?
Does the cooperative provide any training for climate change adaptation?
Is there a system to get weather information on mobile via SMS?
Where can I find wheat seeds this Rabi season?
Has the cooperative arranged to provide seeds to farmers according to the season?
The field is dry due to lack of rain, is there any solution for irrigation?
What is the forecast for rice production this year?
Has the cooperative introduced an agricultural insurance program?
Does the cooperative teach how to farm according to the season?
What to do if it rains during the rice harvesting season?
Is there anyone who teaches how to use fertilizer after testing the soil?
Does the cooperative provide any financial assistance to avoid weather adversities?
How much winter rain will there be this year?
Does the cooperative provide subsidies on agricultural tools?
What kind of support can be obtained from the cooperative for a greenhouse?
What does the cooperative do if crops dry up due to drought?
Has the cooperative created an app to provide weather-related information?
Is it possible to get information on how much rainfall will occur this year's monsoon?
What to do to protect vegetables from hail?
How much discount does the cooperative give on seeds?
Has the cooperative hired anyone to give farmers weather-related advice?
If the flood washes away the field, does the cooperative give any relief?
Does the cooperative provide fertilizer according to the season?
How will the potato seeds be this year?
Does the cooperative give agricultural loans to farmers?
What kind of seeds would be good to plant this year?
Does the cooperative give any advice to reduce damage from storms?
How will the wheat crop be this year?
Does the cooperative provide farmers with weather-related training?
What to do if it doesn't rain during rice planting season?
Does the cooperative provide farmers with cheap fertilizer according to the season?
Where can I get information on what the rainfall will be like this year?
How much discount does the cooperative give to farmers on agricultural materials?
How will this year's drought affect the crops?
Does the cooperative provide any assistance to farmers to protect themselves from climate change?
What is the possibility of blight disease in potatoes this year?
Does the cooperative inform farmers where to get seasonal seeds?
Is there a risk of flooding in this year's monsoon?
Does the cooperative give farmers medicine according to the season?
How much frost will there be this winter?
Does the cooperative give farmers information about soil testing places?
How much risk of landslides is there this monsoon season?
Milk production decreased due to not having enough animal feed to feed the cows in the winter, it's very difficult.
The power tiller carrying fertilizer just broke down and is stuck, how to work now?
The goat didn't get better even after giving medicine, what to do now?
It cost a lot to raise chickens but the income wasn't as expected, the investment was wasted.
The grant that the government said they would give for fish farming hasn't been received yet.
It's difficult to get a loan to build a pig pen, where should I go to talk?
I thought I would earn good money by selling sheep wool, but I couldn't even get a price.
The shed built to protect the yak from the cold collapsed, it needs to be built immediately.
There was hope that honey production would increase from beekeeping, but the bees started dying.
This year, it rained during the rice harvest and all the crops were destroyed, what will we eat?
The potatoes didn't sprout well because I couldn't get improved seeds, I'm regretting it a lot.
It took a lot of effort to make compost fertilizer, but there wasn't much difference in the field.
The cow's milk wasn't sold even at the support price set by the government, where should I go?
The buffalo suffered a lot from foot-and-mouth disease, and it cost a lot to treat.
I had insured the goat, but I haven't received compensation even though the insurance period is about to expire.
Many of the chicks I bought died within a week, who should I ask for help?
The fish in the pond died from disease, all gone, what a waste.
There's no training available to learn about pig diseases.
Wild animals attack when taking the sheep to graze, how to protect them?
Having problem selling yak milk because there's no market, forced to sell cheap in the village.
Even after trying so hard to protect the beehives, ants keep bothering them.
It's hard to rent a power tiller to fertilize the field, work doesn't get done on time.
Thinking of raising improved breed cows, but worried about how to pay back the loan.
Necessary medicine for buffaloes is not available in the village, have to go to the city.
If goats are not vaccinated on time, they get sick, always worried.
Chicken feed prices have skyrocketed, so the poultry business is at risk.
The fishing net is old, so many fish escape, no money to buy a new one.
It's hard to get a good price for pork because there's no good market to sell it.
There's no wool processing factory nearby, so we have to take it far away, transportation costs a lot.
It's complicated to make fertilizer from yak dung, there's no one to teach an easy way.
I'm afraid to keep bees because I'm allergic to bee stings.
If we don't get fertilizer on time for winter crops, the yield will decrease, what to do?
Since the improved cow breeding program doesn't come to the village, we have to make do with local cows.
The vet tech doesn't come on time to artificially inseminate the buffaloes, it's a problem.
Many goat kids die because we don't know about the diseases they get.
Always worried about bird flu in chickens, how to do business?
The fish are dying because the pond is drying up, we have to rely on rain water.
It's not easy to find the vaccine needed for pigs, where should I look?
It's difficult to take sheep to cooler places in the summer, there's no water supply on the way.
It's hard to raise yaks because there isn't enough grazing land.
It's difficult to get land to plant flowering plants for bees.
The use of chemical fertilizers in the fields has increased, so the demand for compost fertilizer has decreased, it's a problem.
There is no chilling center to transport cow's milk to the dairy, so we have to throw away the milk.
The buffalo dung is spreading bad smell because I haven't received training to manage it.
The grass cutting machine for goats is expensive, so I can't afford to buy it.
The bank doesn't want to give loans to build chicken coops, how to grow the business?
Many fish fry die during transport, there is no good transport system.
The rule that pig pens must be built far from the village is a problem, it's hard to find a place.
I don't have money to buy medicine for sheep, so they are getting sick, what to do?
I don't know about online platforms to sell yak wool products.
We should use organic methods to control the insects found in the seed bank, it is necessary to reduce the use of pesticides.
Farmers can take disease-resistant seeds from the seed bank to protect crops from fungal diseases.
Special attention should be paid to protect the seeds stored in the seed bank from rats.
There is a risk of bacterial diseases in rice this year due to heavy rainfall during the monsoon, be careful.
The seed bank should provide training to farmers on integrated pest management.
The seed bank should distribute healthy seeds to protect potatoes from viral diseases.
Seed bank should give info about pesticide safety, farmers should be careful when using it.
Seed bank should teach different ways to control weeds, like weeding and organic methods.
Seed bank should encourage farmers to use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
Improved seeds are available at the seed bank, which can resist pests and diseases.
This year, the seed bank has brought a special plan to control rice pests.
The seed bank should test the seeds it distributes to make sure they don't have any diseases.
When farmers take seeds from the seed bank, they should get info on how to do organic control without using pesticides.
The seed bank provides training and technical support to farmers to reduce pesticide use.
Seed bank should preserve local seeds, which have disease resistance.
Seed bank should explain the importance of integrated pest management to farmers.
The seeds distributed by the seed bank should be specially treated to protect them from viral diseases.
Seed bank should adopt various measures for rat control, such as traps and organic methods.
Seed bank should give proper advice and training to farmers for weed control.
The seed bank should encourage the use of organic pesticides to reduce the use of chemical pesticides.
The seed bank should pay special attention to protect seeds from insects during storage.
Seed bank should inform farmers about safety precautions when using pesticides.
Seed bank should teach how to identify local weeds and how to control them.
Seed bank should train farmers to identify diseases and pests in the field.
Seed bank should raise awareness about the environmental impact of pesticide use.
Seed bank should encourage farmers to test their soil before planting seeds.
Seed bank should set up a lab to check the quality of seeds.
Seed bank should encourage farmers to use improved seeds.
Seed bank should give farmers training on how to produce seeds.
Seed bank should teach proper ways to store seeds.
Seed bank should advise farmers to plant crops according to the season.
Seed bank should explain the importance of crop insurance to farmers.
Seed bank should help farmers get agriculture loans.
Seed bank should inform farmers about new agricultural technologies.
Seed bank should inform farmers about agricultural subsidies.
Seed bank should teach farmers how to increase soil fertility.
Seed bank should advise farmers on proper water management.
Seed bank should give farmers training on the use of agricultural tools.
Seed bank should advise farmers to plant crops according to market demand.
Seed bank should take special precautions to protect seeds from fungal infections.
Seed bank should demonstrate organic pest control methods to discourage pesticide use.
Seed bank should properly manage temperature and humidity when storing seeds.
Seed bank should train farmers on the safe use and storage of pesticides.
Seed bank should conduct field visits to explain the concept of integrated pest management to farmers.
Seed bank should teach farmers to use mulching techniques for weed control.
Seed bank should encourage farmers to use compost fertilizer to increase organic matter in the soil.
The seed bank should inform farmers about proper storage techniques to maintain seed quality.
The seed bank should inform farmers about the importance and methods of seed treatment, especially in the spring season.
The seed bank should urge farmers to inform them immediately if there is an insect outbreak in the field.
The government's subsidy for farmers storing potatoes in cold storage seems more effective than in the past.
Before, it was a hassle to get fertilizer before planting, but now the cooperative has made fertilizer availability easier.
Because the weather is good this year, rice production is estimated to be much higher than last year.
Using improved seeds helps increase production, but it is expensive compared to local seeds.
Because the government has increased investment in agricultural infrastructure, it has become easier to transport vegetables produced in the village to the city.
This year, due to the increase in the price of chemical fertilizers, farmers have started using compost fertilizer, which is better than before.
The new import-export policy has made it easier to get local products to the international market, which was not so easy before.
It has become easier to get agricultural loan facilities now compared to before, but still many farmers are not aware.
Since rice has been heavily affected by disease this year, the crop insurance scheme is expected to provide some relief, otherwise there would be a lot of loss.
It has become difficult to cultivate due to land fragmentation, so it seems the government should pay attention to land reform.
Previously, agricultural technical services were rarely available in the village, but now it is easier to get information because of mobile phones.
Because the government has provided grants for agricultural programs, young people have also been attracted to farming, otherwise the number of people going abroad would have increased.
Previously, without irrigation facilities, we had to rely on rainwater, but now a canal has been built in the village for irrigation.
It used to be difficult to rent a tractor, but now many tractors have come to the village, which makes work faster.
Before, there was a lot of loss because we didn't know the weather forecast, but now it's easier because the information comes on mobile.
Although potato production is good this year compared to last year, farmers are suffering due to not getting a fair price.
It remains to be seen how much the new import-export policy brought by the Ministry of Agriculture will benefit the farmers.
Before, we didn't get the support price set by the government on time, but now it's easier because it comes directly to the bank account.
Before, we had to go to the district headquarters to buy agricultural materials, but now it's much easier because it's available in the village itself.
This year, due to the lack of chemical fertilizer, farmers could not increase rice production as expected, which is less than last year.
Before, there wasn't much information about livestock insurance, but now veterinarians come to our homes to provide information.
The new agricultural policy seems to benefit big farmers more than small farmers.
It was difficult to get quality seeds during planting season, but now it's easier because cooperative societies provide the seeds.
Previously, farmers had to go through a lot of hassle to get agricultural loans, but now many have been relieved because banks provide loans easily.
If the government had paid attention to agricultural infrastructure, the goods produced by the farmers would not have been wasted, which is happening now.
Before, there was an obligation to depend only on the local market, but now, due to the new import-export policy, it is possible to reach the international market as well.
Previously, many farmers did not receive compensation due to lack of information about agricultural insurance, but now insurance companies come to the village to provide information.
If the government had effectively implemented the land reform program, many farmers would have benefited.
Before, we had to go to the district headquarters to get agricultural training, but now it's easier for many because training camps are conducted in the village itself.
If the government had systematized the agricultural subsidy distribution system, real farmers would have benefited, which is currently being received by only a limited number of people.
This year's wheat production seems to be lower than last year because it did not rain on time.
Before, farmers had to pay high prices for agricultural materials, but that is not the case now.
The return on the government's investment in the agricultural sector does not seem to be as expected.
Previously, it was difficult for farmers to find a market to sell their produce, but now the online market has made it a bit easier.
Farming is becoming more difficult than before as the effects of climate change on agriculture are increasing.
As the use of technology in agriculture increases, as much manpower is not required as before.
Compared to before, the government seems to have prioritized the agricultural sector now, but it will still take time for farmers to get direct benefits.
Because using chemical fertilizer is decreasing the soil fertility, we need to increase the use of compost fertilizer, which used to be used a lot before.
Before, only traditional methods were used in agriculture, but now new technology and modern farming systems have been developed.
Since young people are less interested in agriculture, the government needs to bring youth-oriented programs, otherwise there might be problems in the future.
Before, a lot of paperwork was needed to get a loan, but now some banks have made arrangements to provide loans online.
The agricultural programs brought by the government have not reached the real farmers, which was the same before.
Due to climate change, many crops have been affected by diseases this year, which is likely to reduce production.
If the local government had prioritized the agricultural sector, the living standards of farmers would have improved, which has not happened yet.
Many farmers have not been able to benefit because the government's agricultural subsidy process is complicated, and this was the problem before too.
Before, it was difficult to find people to work in agriculture, but now it has become easier to some extent.
The government's investment in the agricultural sector has been like pouring water on sand, because real farmers have not been able to benefit.
Farmers didn't get fair prices for their produce like before, and the same problem exists in many places even now.
Landless farmers have suffered because the government has not effectively implemented land reform, which was the case before too.
The number of farmers doing agricultural insurance has increased this year, which is much better compared to last year.
Where should I go to get training to operate a power tiller?
If there is less rain during the monsoon this year, how to save the paddy?
How to find out about fertilizer information from a mobile app?
Where can I find a power tiller for rent for planting paddy?
How effective is drone spraying in the field?
What kind of fertilizer is needed for this seed, can you give information about fertilizer?
How reliable is the information shown by the weather app?
Where can I find improved seeds for winter crops?
What's the discount percentage on wheat seeds this year?
How to do vegetable farming using greenhouse technology?
What documents are needed to get a loan for a power tiller?
How much does it cost to install a solar pump for irrigation in the field?
How much subsidy is available on improved wheat seeds?
Can I view the soil test report from the mobile app?
Is drone spraying service available here or not?
How many times should this seed be irrigated?
Where is the servicing center for power tillers?
Will it rain like the weather app shows or not?
What kind of soil is suitable for greenhouse technology in this area?
How much subsidy does the government provide for solar pumps?
Which seed is good to plant for the Kharif season?
How to get agriculture related information from the mobile app?
How much does drone spraying cost?
How reliable is the information shown by the weather app?
Where do they provide training to operate a power tiller?
How to register my farm details on the mobile app?
Who should I contact for drone spraying?
According to the weather app, when should I put fertilizer?
How much oil should I put in the power tiller?
Can this seed be planted using greenhouse technology or not?
Where can I find a place to repair the solar pump?
What kind of seed do you suggest planting this Kharif season?
Can I find out the price of seeds from a mobile app?
How many days in advance should I book for drone spraying?
How accurate is the information shown by the weather app?
Where can I find spare parts for the power tiller?
How much investment is needed for greenhouse technology?
Do banks give loans to install solar pumps or not?
What kind of seed should I plant for this winter season?
Get a soil test before using improved seeds.
When storing seeds, keep them in a cool and dry place.
Don't forget to treat the rice seeds before planting.
Hybrid seeds are expensive, but the yield is high, consider using them.
Pay attention to fertilizer use when planting local seeds.
You can do a germination test to check the quality of the seeds.
Check the soil moisture before sowing wheat seeds in the post-monsoon season.
Choose seeds according to the climate of your area.
When buying seeds, always buy certified seeds from an official seller only.
Seed treatment is necessary to protect seeds from fungus.
Use neem leaves to protect seeds from insects when storing them.
Be sure to use compost fertilizer before planting seeds in the field.
Using organic fertilizer is encouraged to improve seed quality.
Prepare seedlings in a nursery before planting rice seeds.
Farmers are advised to use improved varieties of seeds for good yield.
When using hybrid seeds, water and fertilize regularly.
Pay attention to conservation to prevent local seeds from disappearing.
Choose seeds with disease resistance when selecting seeds.
Don't forget to check the production date and quality certificate when buying seeds.
Use the required amount of pesticide when treating seeds.
Store seeds in a dark place when storing them.
Plow the soil well before planting seeds.
Production can be increased by using improved varieties of seeds.
Contact the agriculture office if you need more information about hybrid seeds.
Contact your community's seed bank for local seeds.
Adjust the storage temperature to maintain seed quality.
Give priority to early maturing varieties when selecting seeds.
When buying seeds, it must meet the standards set by the government.
Wear gloves on your hands when treating seeds.
When storing seeds, put them in sacks to protect them from the cold.
Before planting seeds, check if the soil has the necessary nutrients.
Maintain the recommended distance when planting improved seeds.
Hybrid seeds have higher production capacity than local seeds.
Emphasize the conservation of local seeds, it is our identity.
Take the seeds to the nearest agricultural lab for quality testing.
Choose seeds according to your soil type when selecting seeds.
Apply to the agriculture office for a subsidy when buying seeds.
The amount of pesticide must be correct when treating seeds.
Store seeds in a well-ventilated place.
Use organic fertilizer in the soil before planting seeds.
Improved seeds give more production in less time.
Fertilizer and water management should be good for hybrid seeds.
The government has introduced various programs to promote local seeds.
If you have any doubts about the quality of the seeds, contact an agricultural expert immediately.
Pay attention to disease resistance when selecting seeds.
Don't forget to get a bill when buying seeds.
Wear a mask for safety when treating seeds.
Pay special attention to protecting seeds from rats when storing them.
Check the soil's acidity before planting seeds.
There's a high chance of increased production when planting improved seeds.
What kind of process do we need to follow to get fertilizer subsidies in this hilly region?
What plans has the government introduced for agricultural infrastructure development, can I get some information?
What documents are required to participate in the crop insurance scheme?
Due to water scarcity in the pre-monsoon, has the government provided any discounts on power tillers this year?
How can we increase access to agricultural extension services in this area?
How does the land improvement program help small farmers?
What documents are needed to apply for crop insurance?
How does the government provide credit facilities for small farmers?
How does the import-export policy affect our business?
How much subsidy is there on compost fertilizer this year?
Where should I apply to get a subsidy on improved seeds during planting season?
Has the government introduced any loan programs for agricultural infrastructure construction?
What programs is the government running for agricultural development in hilly areas?
How can I get information about the agricultural programs the government has introduced for farmers?
What should I do to get fertilizer subsidies in this place?
What kind of assistance does the agricultural extension service center provide to the farmers here?
How to get the seed subsidy that the government provides during planting season?
Is the government planning to increase investment in agricultural infrastructure this year?
How do farmers get loan access in the hilly areas?
What percentage of subsidy has the government provided on fertilizer this year?
Who should I contact for crop insurance?
What kind of programs has the government introduced for the development of agricultural infrastructure?
Does the government provide any support for land improvement in hilly areas?
Has the government provided any discounts on agricultural loans this year?
What kind of training does the agricultural extension service provide to farmers?
Has the government made any changes to the import-export policy this year?
What should I do to get a subsidy on compost fertilizer in this place?
Has the government provided any discounts on power tillers during the planting season?
What kind of plan is needed for the construction of agricultural infrastructure in hilly areas?
Has the government introduced any new credit facilities for farmers this year?
How much do I have to pay for crop insurance?
Where is the agricultural extension service office in this area?
What kind of programs has the government introduced for land improvement?
Has the government increased the subsidy on fertilizer this year?
What should I do to get a subsidy on power tillers in the hilly areas?
Where to contact to get a subsidy on seeds during the planting season?
What kind of loans does the government provide for the development of agricultural infrastructure?
Has the government introduced any new schemes in credit facilities this year?
Did the government increase the crop insurance amount this year?
What kind of advice does the agriculture extension service give to farmers?
Does the government provide any training for land improvement?
Did the government increase the subsidy on compost fertilizer this year?
What kind of plan should be brought for the development of agricultural infrastructure in hilly areas?
What should be done to get fertilizer subsidy during planting season?
Has the government made any changes to the import-export policy this year?
What kind of documents are required to get credit facility?
What kind of seeds does the agriculture extension service inform farmers about?
Has the government increased the crop insurance facility this year?
Has the government launched a new agricultural infrastructure scheme for farmers this year?
When women sisters do farming using greenhouse technology, production increases, but it is also much easier than the old method.
Plowing the field using a power tiller is much faster and easier than plowing with oxen.
Using compost fertilizer in the current season is much better for the soil than using chemical fertilizer.
Drone spraying technology makes pesticide spraying faster, but when spraying by hand, it is easier to adjust the amount by looking at the condition of the plant.
Getting weather information from a mobile app has become much easier than finding out by listening to the radio.
Investing in greenhouse technology is much safer and more fruitful than traditional farming in open fields.
Planting wheat after the monsoon is easier for women farmers than planting paddy.
Focusing on precision farming this year has the potential to increase production, which was not there in the past.
Irrigating with a solar pump is much cheaper and more environmentally friendly than running a diesel pump.
It's easier for women to plant rice than corn during the pre-monsoon season.
Growing off-season vegetables using greenhouse technology in winter is more profitable than in open fields.
Using a mobile app for fertilizer information is much easier than going to the agriculture office like before.
Using a power tiller saves time when plowing the field, which wasn't the case when plowing with oxen.
Even though drone spraying is faster for pesticides, you can directly monitor the plants when spraying by hand.
Compost fertilizer makes the soil fertile, but chemical fertilizer only increases production temporarily.
Investing in precision farming gives good returns in the future, which is less in traditional farming.
Using greenhouse technology is easier for women farmers, but the initial investment is much higher than open farming.
Farming with weather information from a mobile app reduces the chance of crop damage, which used to be high without information.
Pumping water with a solar pump eliminates electricity bills, but diesel pumps are very expensive.
A weather app gives rainfall information faster and more reliably than the radio.
Spraying pesticides with a drone is safer than spraying by hand, but you need training for it.
Getting information about agricultural loans from a mobile app is easier than going to the bank.
Using compost as fertilizer in the field is much safer for the environment than using chemical fertilizers.
Using modern equipment in greenhouse technology makes work faster, but traditional methods take a lot of time.
It is much easier for women farmers to operate a power tiller than plowing with oxen, but it requires training.
Precision farming encourages soil testing before using fertilizer, which is not done in traditional farming.
Solar pumps have made it easier to irrigate the fields, but the initial cost is higher than a diesel pump.
Using a weather app helps farmers plan according to the weather, which wasn't possible before.
Using drone spraying allows you to spray pesticides quickly and effectively, but you need permission for it.
Greenhouse technology helps grow off-season vegetables, but it's not possible in open fields.
Using compost fertilizer increases soil fertility, but chemical fertilizer increases production immediately but weakens the soil.
Plowing the field with a power tiller takes less time, but plowing with oxen takes more time and effort.
Drone spraying makes pesticide spraying quick and easy, but you need technical knowledge for it.
Mobile apps easily provide agriculture related information, but not all farmers may have smartphones.
Precision farming helps increase production, but it requires investment and knowledge.
Solar pumps have made irrigation easier, but it needs sunshine.
Weather apps help protect crops by predicting the weather, but it may not be 100% accurate.
Using greenhouse technology, the temperature can be controlled, but it is not possible in an open field.
Using compost fertilizer keeps the soil healthy, but chemical fertilizer weakens the soil.
Plowing the field with a power tiller saves a lot of energy, but it needs fuel.
Drone spraying makes pesticide spraying safer, but you need to get training for it.
Mobile apps easily provide agriculture related information, but you need internet access.
Precision farming helps increase production, but you need to test the soil for it.
Solar pumps have made irrigation easier, but you need a water source for it.
Weather apps help protect crops by predicting the weather, but you need to stay updated for it.
Using greenhouse technology, diseases can be controlled, but it is difficult in an open field.
Using compost fertilizer keeps the environment safe, but chemical fertilizer pollutes the environment.
Plowing the field with a power tiller saves time, but it needs to be maintained.
Drone spraying makes pesticide spraying quick and effective, but you have to follow the rules for it.
Mobile app gives ag info easily, but you gotta be literate for that.
In the hills, land is fragmented, so it's hard to plant fodder tree species.
Because of lack of fertilizer, the fruit plants didn't grow well this year.
Since there wasn't proper irrigation, the corn planted in the monsoon season dried up.
The land is too small, so it's hard to do mixed farming, what to do?
Couldn't get improved seeds, so had to plant old rice varieties, and production decreased.
This year, it didn't rain on time, so the spring vegetables got ruined.
The carbon storage plan was limited to paper, it wasn't implemented in practice.
It's hard to even get a tractor for rent, it took a long time to plow the land.
Due to lack of technical knowledge, didn't earn as expected from shade farming.
Since there's no land ownership, the bank didn't agree to give an agriculture loan.
Couldn't buy fertilizer because the subsidy announced by the government wasn't received on time.
Pest infestation increased in winter crops, so production decreased, need a way to control pests.
Instead of keeping the land barren, I thought of planting timber trees, but the process is complicated.
Due to climate change, there was unexpected rain this year, all the crops were flooded.
The wind blew down the fruit plants, and there's no insurance either.
Even when working according to the advice given by the agriculture office, production didn't increase.
There wasn't enough fodder to feed the livestock, so milk production decreased.
Didn't get a good price, so the oranges that grew in the field rotted.
Before, there was plenty of water, now even with irrigation equipment, there's no water.
Because the land wasn't classified, it was hard to make agriculture plans.
Because the youths are fleeing abroad, it's hard to even find people to farm.
This year the potatoes got a disease, no one came to give information about pesticides.
The carbon emission reduction program the government talked about didn't reach the village.
Because of the problem of water accumulating in the field, the plants started to die.
Because there's no road to reach the market, the produce went to waste.
Local varieties of fodder trees are about to disappear, we should protect them.
Because the land is in too many pieces, we couldn't use modern agricultural equipment.
This year because of the drought, the river water dried up, how to irrigate?
The traders didn't buy the paddy even at the support price set by the government.
The plan to build a botanical garden was abandoned, no one cared.
Because there's no land ownership certificate, we couldn't get agricultural insurance.
Because we couldn't manage the fertilizer, environmental pollution increased.
Even when farming by renting land, it was hard to recover the investment.
We couldn't rise above the traditional farming system, we need new technology.
This year due to excessive heat, fruit production decreased.
There's a complaint that the government didn't do anything for climate adaptation.
There's a lot of hassle to get approval from the forest office to plant timber trees.
It's also very difficult to get fodder tree seeds, where can we find them?
The plan to fence the land to protect it remained incomplete.
Monkeys are eating the crops and making life difficult, there's no way to control them.
This year the price of chemical fertilizer has skyrocketed, how to farm?
The traditional irrigation system is not enough for rice farming, what to do?
The landowner kept the land barren, but didn't agree to rent it out.
Agricultural technicians never come to the village, who to tell the problem to?
This year rice got stem borer, couldn't find medicine.
The land is fragmented, making it difficult to even make a kitchen garden.
Income source dried up because the production of seasonal fruits decreased.
Planting and growing timber trees takes a long time, so there is no immediate income.
The irrigation equipment provided by the government is broken and sitting idle, there is no one to repair it.
It is difficult to find improved seeds suitable for the local climate.
Our cooperative has planned to distribute improved timber trees to the farmers this year.
Do you need fertilizer to plant fruit seedlings on your land, or should we arrange it?
We are also distributing fodder plants this time, how many do you need?
If you adopt a mixed farming system, the fertility of the soil will increase.
The cooperative is thinking of providing training to promote shade farming.
It is very important to plant many trees to increase carbon sequestration.
There is a lot of demand for power tillers this rice harvesting season.
Irrigation equipment can be obtained from the cooperative at subsidized rates.
It is better to adopt organic methods to reduce the use of pesticides.
Please register your name to participate in the compost fertilizer making training.
Farming is becoming difficult in hilly areas because the land is fragmented.
The cooperative is preparing to launch a land consolidation program this year.
It is necessary to plant trees to avoid the risk of landslides during the monsoon.
A pond should be built to prevent water scarcity in winter.
Improved seeds for crops planted in the Kharif season are available at the cooperative.
It is important to make farmers understand the importance of timber trees.
Good income can be earned from fruit trees.
Fodder trees help a lot in animal husbandry.
The cooperative has planned to do collective farming this year.
Shade farming helps to maintain soil moisture.
There is no alternative to planting trees to reduce carbon emissions.
It is difficult to find people to work during the harvesting season.
We provide training on how to avoid floods and landslides during the monsoon.
We have arranged plastic tunnels for vegetable farming in winter.
How to manage fertilizer and seeds for the Kharif season?
The cooperative will encourage farmers to plant timber trees.
Planting fruit trees increases soil fertility.
Fodder trees help to bind the soil.
Farmers need to understand that there are many benefits to mixed farming.
Many people don't know that shade farming saves water.
We should start a campaign to plant trees to increase carbon storage.
This year, it rained during rice harvesting, so there was a lot of loss.
During the monsoon, landslides blocked the road, causing many problems.
It was difficult to work because of the increased cold in winter.
The corn planted in the Kharif season was destroyed by pests.
The cooperative is preparing to introduce a timber tree insurance plan.
We provide training to control diseases in fruit trees.
We provide information on how to plant fodder trees.
Adopting mixed farming reduces costs.
Production can be increased through shade farming.
Does the government provide any subsidies for carbon storage?
This year, it rained a lot during rice harvesting, so the rice rotted.
During the monsoon, landslides washed away the fields, what to do now?
Wheat production decreased due to lack of rain in winter.
There were many problems due to fertilizer shortages in the Kharif season.
The cooperative can earn good income by selling timber trees.
The cooperative helps to plant fruit plants.
Farmers should be encouraged to plant fodder plants.
This year, the cooperative will launch a campaign to control pesticides.
To increase carbon storage, cooperatives should run forest conservation programs.
When doing fish farming after a flood, pay attention to the water quality, otherwise there is a risk of disease.
When buying chicks for poultry farming, choose a good breed, don't regret it later by going for cheap ones.
To protect buffaloes from foot-and-mouth disease, don't forget to vaccinate them regularly, it can cause great damage.
Don't feed cows the fodder that the flood brought, there may be a risk of infection.
Buy fish fry from a good place, otherwise they will all die from disease.
If goats are not given deworming medicine on time, they become weak and may die.
When beekeeping, keep them away from places where poisonous pesticides have been used, the bees will die.
Pay attention to cleanliness in pig farming, otherwise they can all be wiped out by disease.
Keep sheep in a warm place to protect them from the cold, there is a risk of pneumonia.
Yaks should be brought down from the highlands from time to time to protect them from altitude sickness, otherwise they may die.
Don't forget to insure your cow in the livestock insurance plan, it will be useful in the future.
Don't forget to consult a veterinarian to protect your livestock from unknown diseases.
Clean the shed well before putting chickens in the shed damaged by the flood, they may get sick.
Get a soil test done before using chemical fertilizers in the field, unnecessary use will cause damage.
Don't let cows and buffaloes drink contaminated water, there is a possibility of diarrhea.
Don't feed the flood-swept grass to the animals, there is a risk of poisoning and death.
Do not keep sheep too crowded in the shed, there is a risk of suffocation and death.
Don't give too much smoke to the beehive, the queen bee may run away.
Don't just give artificial feed to fish, it is also necessary to give natural food.
Don't keep pigs in dirty places, there's a risk of disease.
Before using new technology in animal husbandry, take expert advice, otherwise there may be losses.
After the flood, there may be poisonous weeds in the grazing area, graze the animals carefully.
Give medicine to animals in the right amount, too much can have a negative effect.
Protect goats from getting wet during the rainy season, they can get pneumonia.
Don't let water freeze in the fish pond, fish may die due to lack of oxygen.
Don't let cold air enter the chicken coop, the chance of getting sick increases.
Keep buffaloes in a cool place in summer, they may have trouble with the heat.
Be careful when removing the honeycomb, bees may sting.
Sprinkle lime regularly in the pig pen, it kills germs.
Don't keep sheep in crowded places, there is a risk of disease spreading easily.
Don't make yaks carry heavy loads and walk too much, they may get tired and fall.
Don't invest without knowing about livestock insurance plans, it could sink.
Don't let animals lack the necessary vitamins and minerals, production may decrease.
Only give medicine to animals after checking if it has expired, the effect can be bad.
If animal manure is not managed properly, it pollutes the environment and there is a risk of disease.
If animals are not vaccinated on time, epidemics can spread and cause great damage.
Don't forget to take training when using modern technology in animal husbandry, otherwise there may be losses instead of benefits.
If animals are not regularly fed salt, their health may weaken and production may decrease.
Even after mulching, there was not much improvement in soil fertility, what could be the reason?
I took compost fertilizer training, but it's not turning out well, what should I do?
Can you teach me some ways to prevent land degradation?
This year, we suffered a lot because we didn't get fertilizer on time.
Even after rotating crops every year, the soil condition is the same, what to do?
Can you teach me how to use green manure?
I'm worried about the decreasing productivity of the land.
I heard that using plastic for mulching affects the environment, is this true?
I heard that the use of chemical fertilizers has damaged the soil, how to improve it now?
I wanted to know how to prepare the soil when planting seeds.
Even with organic farming, the soil health hasn't improved, what could be the reason?
I still want to understand the process of making compost fertilizer better.
Can you explain the soil test report?
Land degradation has reduced production, what to do now?
This year, the lack of fertilizer ruined the crops.
Even after rotating crops, the soil condition hasn't improved, why could that be?
I need more information about the use of green manure.
What are the ways to increase soil fertility?
When mulching, a lot of weeds grew, what to do now?
How to keep the soil healthy without using chemical fertilizers?
How to prepare the soil before planting seeds?
How to manage fertilizer in organic farming?
Making compost fertilizer is not easy.
The soil test report showed a lot of problems.
We need to find out the reason for the decrease in soil fertility.
It's been a week since mulching, but I haven't seen much difference.
There have been many complaints that chemical fertilizers have damaged the soil.
There was a problem because the seeds didn't germinate well.
I want to get information about the use of organic fertilizer.
I am very worried about the health of the soil.
Even after mulching, the pests didn't decrease.
It costs a lot to test the soil.
Does the government provide any help to prevent land degradation?
It was late to plant crops because I didn't get fertilizer on time.
I want to understand about crop rotation.
When I used green manure, a lot of weeds grew.
Are there any new ways to increase soil fertility?
I don't have much information about mulching.
What could be an alternative to chemical fertilizer?
Should we test the soil when planting seeds?
It takes a lot of time to make compost fertilizer.
The flood washed everything away, I don't know how we'll manage with this local seed.
It's hard to even find improved seeds, and if you do, they're crazy expensive.
A lot of farmers' seeds are going to waste because there's no place to store them.
We're always scared of getting cheated since there's no system to check seed quality.
Nobody teaches the recommended seed treatment methods, so how can we expect good yields?
This year, there was no rain when it was time to plant the seeds, what to do now?
I heard a lot about hybrid seeds, but nobody here explains them properly.
The government said they'd provide certified seeds, but we haven't received any yet.
We're fed up with not getting fertilizer, and on top of that, if the seeds aren't good, what can we do?
It's hard to protect seeds during the rainy season, the problem is there's no good way to store them.
When I go to the agriculture office to ask about seeds, nobody's there, who do I complain to?
This improved seed needs a lot of water, what to do if there's no irrigation?
There's no one in the village to give information about hybrid seeds, we're forced to farm the old way.
After the flood washed away the seeds, there's no money to buy new ones, how to farm?
There's a lot of disease problems when you don't treat the seeds, but I don't know how to do it.
Local seeds are easy to find, but they don't give good yields, what to do?
Those who cheat by selling fake seeds in the name of certified seeds should be punished.
I'm scared that there will be famine again this year because we can't find good seeds.
Nobody comes to teach how to plant hybrid seeds, so the old seeds are fine.
The crops fail every year because the seed quality isn't good, who do I tell this problem to?
This year I couldn't store seeds, so I'm worried about what to plant next season.
Nobody comes to give information about seeds, so we are farming in the old way.
Improved seeds are very expensive, how can poor farmers buy them?
Local seeds don't give good yield, so I'm worried about what to do.
You have to run around a lot to get certified seeds, where do we have that much time?
Medicine to treat seeds is not easily available, so how to protect from diseases?
This year, many seeds were wasted because it didn't rain when planting.
If we plant hybrid seeds, the production is good, but we don't get a good price, what to do?
There is a problem because there is no seed quality testing lab in the village.
It is very difficult for farmers when the government subsidy for seeds is not received on time.
Local seeds are disappearing, what should we plant now?
Nobody gives training on planting improved seeds, so we are behind.
It's been a long time since I applied for certified seeds, but it hasn't come yet.
Many farmers have suffered losses due to lack of information about seed treatment.
Nobody comes to teach modern methods of storing seeds, we have to make do with the old methods.
Hybrid seeds need a lot of fertilizer, how to buy when fertilizer prices are skyrocketing?
There are complaints that the seed quality testing agency is not working properly.
This year, many farmers had to leave their fields barren because they didn't get improved seeds on time.
Nobody knows where to get the certified seeds that the government said they would provide.
There is a problem of many diseases if seeds are not treated, but there is no one to give information about it.
Nobody cares about saving local seeds, it's going to disappear.
It's a problem when no one comes to teach us how to plant improved seeds.
Many farmers have been cheated because they don't know about seed quality.
The government said they would provide seeds cheaply, but we haven't received them yet.
A lot of seeds go to waste because there's no good place to store them.
It's sad when we grow a good harvest with hybrid seeds but don't get a good price in the market.
Since no one comes to give information about seeds, we have to use the old methods.
We still haven't received the certified seeds the government promised, what kind of government is this?
Local seeds are on the verge of disappearing, no one is protecting them.
Improved seeds are expensive and we can't afford to buy them, what to do?
Before storing vegetables in the cold store, test the soil and then store, the chances of spoilage are less.
Due to land fragmentation, increase the use of compost fertilizer to prevent the decline of soil fertility.
Encourage farmers to participate in soil testing camps to check soil acidity.
Adopt mulching techniques in the fields to prevent soil erosion during the rainy season.
Advise farmers to use green manure instead of chemical fertilizers to maintain good soil health.
Prioritize the use of organic fertilizers to improve soil quality during the planting season.
Mulching is effective in preserving soil moisture and controlling weeds in winter, use it.
Crop rotation should be encouraged to increase soil fertility.
Advise farmers to use improved seeds only after testing the soil health.
Provide information about the method of using lime to keep the soil acidity balanced.
To stop soil degradation, encourage farmers to use integrated farming systems.
Take compost fertilizer making training and start making fertilizer in your own fields.
Get information on how to use green manure to increase soil fertility.
When land is fragmented, it's hard to manage the soil, so focus on cooperative farming.
To reduce soil erosion during the rainy season, plant trees on the edges of the field.
Teach farmers about integrated nutrient management to improve soil health.
Increase the use of compost fertilizer to increase soil fertility.
Use organic fertilizer in the fields to reduce soil degradation.
Soil fertility can be maintained by adopting crop rotation.
Check the soil's acidity and take measures to improve the soil before planting crops.
Emphasize the use of green manure to increase land productivity.
Manage proper drainage to keep the soil healthy.
Advise farmers to use fertilizers according to the soil test report.
If soil fertility is preserved, the crop will thrive, so pay attention.
Land fragmentation affects soil fertility, so engage in cooperative farming.
Pay attention when preparing the soil for winter crops.
Go to the agriculture office to get information on how to conserve soil during the rainy season.
Do organic farming in the fields to prevent land degradation.
Using compost fertilizer provides the soil with the necessary nutrients.
Plant millet after wheat to increase soil fertility.
Planting seeds without soil testing can be harmful.
Maintain soil moisture by adopting mulching techniques.
If the soil acidity is high, balance it by using lime.
You can get the nitrogen needed for the soil by using green manure.
It is difficult to use modern agricultural technology when land is fragmented.
Plant trees around the field to prevent soil erosion during the rainy season.
Do not use any chemical fertilizers without checking the soil health.
Use earthworm compost to increase soil fertility.
Land fragmentation can cause problems in soil management.
Increase the use of organic fertilizers to prevent soil degradation.
Take training to make compost fertilizer and make your own fertilizer.
Plant green manure in the fields to increase soil fertility.
It is also difficult to irrigate when land is fragmented.
Strengthen the edges of the field to prevent soil erosion during the rainy season.
Soil should be tested and fertilizer should be used according to the report.
Before storing in cold storage, get information about harmful elements in the soil.
Use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer to increase soil fertility.
I have come to register for paddy seeds at the cooperative office.
Apple production will decrease this year because the flood damaged many fruit plants.
It was late to plant wheat due to lack of fertilizer.
This year, the corn production wasn't as good as I thought.
The cooperative has given subsidies to farmers for vegetable seeds.
I'm thinking of planting wheat again in the land damaged by the flood.
I have to take a loan from the cooperative to buy rice seeds.
Hoping for a good orange yield this year.
It's been difficult to grow vegetables due to the problem of waterlogging during the rainy season.
I have a plan to plant millet this year.
What percentage of interest does the cooperative take for rice seeds?
Does the government provide any grants for apple farming?
What kind of fertilizer should I use to plant rice again in the field swept away by the flood?
What's the price of cardamom like this year?
The cooperative has provided farmers with improved varieties of corn seeds.
What should be done to increase wheat production, please let me know.
I feel like starting vegetable farming again in the field damaged by the flood.
The rice production wasn't good this year, what to do now?
The seeds provided by the cooperative were good, the corn yielded a lot.
This time, the orange tree has a lot of fruit.
I still have to pay back the loan I took from the cooperative.
This year, the price of wheat has increased, so I've gotten some relief.
Should I do a soil test to plant rice again in the field swept away by the flood?
Will we get a good price for millet this year or not?
I heard the cooperative is planning to give subsidies to farmers for power tillers.
I'm worried about what to plant in the field that the flood washed away.
Where can I find improved seeds for planting paddy?
What should be done to increase orange production this year?
What kind of loan does the cooperative give for vegetable farming?
Do I have to fill out this form for wheat seeds?
How to manage fertilizer to replant paddy in the field damaged by the flood?
It's been difficult to manage household expenses because corn production decreased this year.
How much loan does the cooperative give for paddy seeds?
Even though apple production is good this year, it's difficult to get a good price in the market.
Will the government provide any assistance to replant vegetables in the field washed away by the flood?
Do I need to open an account at the cooperative to buy wheat seeds?
How will cardamom production be this year?
What percentage of discount has the cooperative given to farmers on corn seeds?
What kind of seeds should I use to replant paddy in the field washed away by the flood?
The orange trees have a disease this year, what should I do?
Does the cooperative provide any training for vegetable farming?
Do I have to pass this test for wheat seeds?
How long does it take to replant paddy in the field damaged by the flood?
This year, I have to take a loan from the cooperative because the corn production decreased.
What kind of insurance plan has the cooperative brought for paddy seeds?
Even though apple production is good this year, it's difficult to get it to the market due to transportation problems.
What kind of fertilizer should I use to grow vegetables again in the field that was swept away by the flood?
What kind of form do I need to fill out at the cooperative to buy wheat seeds?
This year, I suffered a lot of losses because the price of cardamom decreased.
How many OTP codes has the cooperative sent to farmers for corn seeds?
Many farmers have experienced that using compost fertilizer compared to chemical fertilizer makes the soil fertility sustainable.
Instead of increasing production immediately by using urea fertilizer, it is better to improve the soil health in the long term by using compost fertilizer.
The subsidy given on organic fertilizer is more beneficial for farmers than the fertilizer subsidy given on chemical fertilizer.
Compared to DAP fertilizer, compost fertilizer provides many micronutrients needed by the soil.
Using compost fertilizer has less negative impact on the environment compared to using chemical fertilizer.
Although potash fertilizer strengthens the plant, compost fertilizer improves the overall health of the soil.
The use of compost fertilizer compared to chemical fertilizer helps to increase the quality of the product.
It costs less to make compost fertilizer compared to chemical fertilizer.
Although compost fertilizer works slowly, chemical fertilizer increases production immediately.
Using compost fertilizer increases the water absorption capacity in the soil, but chemical fertilizer does not increase that capacity.
The use of chemical fertilizer compared to compost fertilizer has a negative impact on the biodiversity of the soil.
Although it takes time to make compost fertilizer, chemical fertilizer can be used immediately.
Although the use of pesticides kills insects, compost fertilizer makes the soil healthy.
Using chemical fertilizer increases soil acidity compared to compost.
With chemical fertilizer, plants get nutrients quickly, but compost provides them slowly.
Using compost increases organic matter in the soil, which chemical fertilizer doesn't.
Even though a power tiller plows faster, compost gives the soil necessary nutrients.
It's easier to manage fertilizer timing when using compost compared to chemical fertilizer.
Using compost increases the crop's ability to fight disease, which chemical fertilizer doesn't.
Too much chemical fertilizer ruins the soil, but compost improves it.
Even though a tractor works faster, compost increases soil fertility.
Compost improves soil structure, while chemical fertilizer temporarily increases production.
Using chemical fertilizer increases harmful salts in the soil compared to compost.
It's better to get healthy produce using compost than to get a lot of produce using chemical fertilizer.
Using compost balances soil temperature compared to chemical fertilizer.
There's a risk of chemical fertilizer washing away in the rainy season, but compost mixes slowly into the soil.
Using compost improves air circulation in the soil, which chemical fertilizer doesn't do.
Chemical fertilizer makes the soil lose its natural qualities, but compost protects them.
Using compost improves water drainage in the soil, which chemical fertilizer doesn't.
It's much better to use compost for wheat crops than chemical fertilizer.
When planting rice, using compost instead of DAP fertilizer makes the plants grow better.
Even though chemical fertilizer shows results quickly, compost benefits the soil long-term.
Compost is much more effective than chemical fertilizer for potato farming.
Using compost increases organic matter in the soil, while chemical fertilizer doesn't.
Using compost in sugarcane farming is more beneficial than chemical fertilizer.
Using compost for mustard farming increases soil fertility, while chemical fertilizer only increases immediate yield.
Using compost reduces crop diseases compared to chemical fertilizer.
Using compost instead of chemical fertilizer in corn farming increases the quality of the yield.
Using compost increases the soil's water retention capacity compared to chemical fertilizer.
Using compost increases the beneficial microorganisms in the soil, which chemical fertilizer doesn't.
Chemical fertilizer damages the soil's physical structure, but compost improves it.
Using compost after harvesting prepares the soil for the next crop, which chemical fertilizer doesn't.
With compost, plants can easily absorb nutrients from the soil, which is less effective with chemical fertilizer.
Chemical fertilizer makes plants grow faster, but compost makes them stronger.
Using compost reduces the negative effects of chemical fertilizer in the soil.
Using compost keeps the soil fertile for a longer time compared to chemical fertilizer.
For winter crops, compost is a better option than chemical fertilizer.
It's much better to increase production using compost than using chemical fertilizer.
Using chemical fertilizer increases soil acidity compared to compost.
Although chemical fertilizer helps increase production, compost sustains the soil's health.
Find out how the government has managed fertilizer subsidies this year.
Farmers should be trained to use modern agricultural infrastructure.
Encourage farmers to participate in crop insurance schemes.
Tell me about the new program the government has for farmers with low investment.
Go to the Agriculture Extension Service Center and get your soil tested.
Register your land under your name in the land reform program.
Take a loan from Agricultural Development Bank to plant rice this season.
Sell your produce at the support price set by the government.
Apply for grants under the Prime Minister Agriculture Modernization Project.
Contact the agriculture office for government subsidies on agricultural tools.
Apply for irrigation equipment needed for potato farming.
Inform farmers about the government grants to encourage the use of improved seeds.
Go to the commerce office to learn about the agricultural product import-export policy.
Register with the local agricultural cooperative and get government grants.
Find out about the government grants for seasonal vegetable farming.
Understand what new plans the Ministry of Agriculture has for farmers this year.
Inform about the concessional loans the government has for small farmers.
Contact your nearest insurance company for agricultural insurance.
Register your name in the cooperative to get government distributed agricultural materials on time.
Go to the agricultural training center and learn modern farming methods.
Adopt new technologies to reduce the impact of climate change on crops.
Increase production by using improved seeds, the government provides grants.
Get information on government subsidies to promote mechanization in agriculture.
Tell me about the benefits the government gives to those who leave land uncultivated.
Encourage farmers to use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
Tell me about the programs the government has introduced to attract young people to agriculture.
Reduce production costs by using new technology in agriculture.
Find out about the support the government provides for marketing your products.
Apply for the grant the government provides for fruit farming in hilly areas.
Meet with the agricultural extension worker and find solutions to your problems.
Use the new varieties of seeds developed by the agricultural research center.
Crop insurance protects against crop damage, so participate in this scheme.
Find out about the policies the government has introduced for the development of the agricultural sector.
Make good use of the grants the government provides to become self-sufficient in agriculture.
Participate in the training provided by the government to increase the use of technology in agriculture.
Find out about the arrangements the government has made for the smooth supply of agricultural inputs.
Join a cooperative to get a fair price for agricultural products.
Make sure information about government subsidies for farmers reaches every village.
Cultivate only after classifying the land, the government will help.
Tell me about the plans the government has introduced to increase investment in agriculture.
Submit the details of the crop damage caused by this time's rain to the agriculture office.
Participate in the insurance plan introduced by the government to reduce risk in agriculture.
Coordinate with cooperatives to provide fertilizer to farmers on time.
Give priority to locally produced agricultural products, the government will help.
The government has brought special programs to increase women's participation in agriculture, please share the information.
Get information about the grants the government provides for using new ideas and technology in agriculture.
Use fertilizer only after testing the soil in your fields, it saves unnecessary expenses.
Increase production by using improved seeds and fertilizers, the government will help.
Ensure the safety of your crops by participating in the agricultural insurance program.
Explain the importance of agricultural extension services to the farmers.
The problem here is because the compost fertilizer management isn't good.
We should encourage the use of natural pesticides.
Due to consumer awareness programs, the demand for organic products is increasing.
The use of organic fertilizer is necessary to balance the soil's biological processes.
Certification is mandatory to maintain the quality of goods stored in cold storage.
We should give farmers training on how to make compost fertilizer.
Soil health testing is important in organic farming.
Most farmers cultivate wheat in the winter.
The use of organic fertilizer should be increased in the rainy season.
Farmers should be taught how to make natural pesticides.
Programs should be conducted in local markets to raise consumer awareness.
The soil fertility should be increased for organic farming.
The use of compost fertilizer reduces the need for chemical fertilizers.
Natural pesticides don't have negative effects on the environment.
Organic certification helps to get good price in the market.
Soil biodiversity makes farming healthy.
Due to lack of consumer awareness, the demand for organic products is low.
When storing vegetables in cold storage, pests should be controlled naturally.
In organic farming, compost fertilizer should be used instead of chemical fertilizer.
The use of compost fertilizer is necessary to increase the biological properties of the soil.
The use of natural pesticides protects crops from diseases.
A product that is not certified cannot be called organic.
The quality of goods stored in cold storage must be checked.
Consumer awareness should be increased through various means of publicity.
The use of compost fertilizer is mandatory in organic farming.
Using natural pesticides does not affect the environment.
Consumer awareness programs should be conducted to increase the demand for organic products.
Organic fertilizer should be used to increase the biological activity of the soil.
Farmers should be taught how to make compost fertilizer.
Chemical pesticides should not be used in cold storage.
Selling organic products without certification is illegal.
Due to consumer awareness, the sales of organic products are increasing.
The use of natural resources in organic farming should be encouraged.
We should store organically produced items in cold storage.
Consumer awareness programs should be taken to every village.
The soil's organic quality should be tested.
Using natural pesticides doesn't harm the soil.
When storing in cold storage, priority should be given to certified products.
Production can be increased by using compost fertilizer correctly.
Due to lack of consumer awareness, organic products haven't been getting fair prices.
The use of organic fertilizer should be increased in the Rabi season.
Compost fertilizer is very important in organic farming.
Using natural pesticides keeps the environment clean.
Organic fertilizer should be used to improve the soil's organic system.
Special attention should be given when storing organic products in cold storage.
Certification of organic products wins consumer trust.
Information about the benefits of organic farming should be given in consumer awareness programs.
Compost fertilizer should be used instead of chemical fertilizer in organic farming.
If farmers are given training on making natural pesticides, production will increase.
This year, before planting improved seeds, use a mobile app to check the soil condition.
For weather information, get regular updates on the weather app; it's very useful when planting seeds.
Installing a solar pump to irrigate the field makes irrigation easier and reduces costs.
If there is a shortage of water during rice planting, immediately inform the agriculture office and arrange for irrigation.
Using a power tiller when planting rice saves time and labor.
Using drone spraying to spray pesticides is less harmful to health and also faster.
Don't forget to get a soil test before planting wheat this rabi season.
Use a tractor to prepare the field before planting potatoes, it's faster and easier.
Before using pesticides, find out the quantity and usage method from the mobile app.
Weather apps are very useful for getting weather information when planting seeds.
You can grow vegetables off-season by adopting plastic house (greenhouse) technology.
Before applying fertilizer to the field, test the soil and find out how much fertilizer is needed from the mobile app.
Start harvesting rice only after checking the weather forecast, there will be no fear of rain.
Use improved seeds when planting potatoes, it increases production, so get good information about the seeds.
Apply chemical fertilizer to the field only after getting rain information on the weather app.
You can apply for an agricultural loan this year from the mobile app.
If insects infest the field, immediately contact an agricultural expert through the mobile app and get advice.
If you buy a power tiller, get good information about its use and maintenance.
Make proper arrangements for drainage in the field to prevent water from accumulating during the rainy season.
In winter, wheat crops should be irrigated from time to time to protect them from frost.
Use a mobile app to plant rice in rows, it increases production.
Register your name today to participate in the agricultural insurance scheme.
If the power tiller breaks down, take it to the repair shop immediately, otherwise there may be problems during planting season.
Prepare to plant rice according to the information provided by the weather forecast app.
Use improved seeds and increase corn production this year.
Before driving the tractor in the field, don't forget to check the oil and water levels.
Use the mobile app to adopt ways to increase soil fertility.
Spray pesticides on time this year to prevent disease in paddy crops.
Before digging potatoes, check the weather forecast and then start digging.
Apply to the agriculture office to install a solar pump with government subsidy.
Since using a power tiller makes it much easier to plow the field, get training about it.
Before planting rice seeds, check the weather app for the possibility of rain.
Increase the use of drone spraying in the field as it reduces the use of pesticides.
If it is difficult to find people to work in the field, rent a power tiller and get the job done.
Before applying fertilizer to wheat crop, get a soil test to find out which fertilizer and how much is needed.
Irrigate the field only after getting information from the weather app, it saves water.
Watch the videos available on the mobile app to learn new agricultural technologies.
Use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer in the field, it increases soil fertility.
Contact the agriculture office to get training for drone spraying.
Make a plan to harvest rice only after getting information from the weather app.
Prepare the soil well before planting seeds in the field.
Use improved seeds for good potato production this year.
Save electricity by using a solar pump to irrigate the field.
Get new agricultural information from the mobile app and improve your farming system.
Get info about the subsidy the government gives when buying a power tiller.
Using modern tech when planting rice increases production.
Contact the agriculture service center to get drone spraying service.
Follow safety rules when driving a tractor in the field.
Use a weather app to protect your crops from natural disasters.
This year the flood washed away the seed bank itself, now I'm confused what to plant or not in the post-monsoon, it would be nice if the government helped somehow.
The seeds the government distributed weren't good, now when will we get fertilizer, how will we do the Rabi season farming?
We're supposed to do mixed farming, but what's the point of just giving seeds without training on how to do it?
There's no one to teach me how to operate this power tiller, I'm afraid it will break if I use it without training.
We're saying let's use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer, but who will give training on how to make fertilizer?
There was no winter rain this year, the wheat seeds didn't sprout even after planting, what to do now?
Fruit plants were planted, but no one taught how to take care of them, what to do if they get sick.
Instead of leaving the land barren, let's plant grass plants, but where can we find improved varieties of grass seeds?
This year the corn dried up due to lack of timely rain, how to meet the carbon collection target now?
I want to participate in the carbon collection program that the government mentioned, but what is the process, who to ask?
I want to plant timber trees, but it takes a long time to grow, how to earn immediately?
Rice used to grow well in this field, now the production is decreasing, should I get the soil tested?
This pesticide didn't work, what other ways are there to kill insects?
I planted potato seeds this year, but not many sprouted, now I have to buy seeds again.
The government said they would give subsidies on seeds, but haven't received any yet, who should I ask?
Before, we all used to work together in the village, but now everyone is busy with their own work, how to collect carbon?
There's a problem of waterlogging in this field, I wish someone would teach me how to drain it.
This year the paddy has a disease, should we call the agricultural technician to show it?
What kind of seeds should I plant to cultivate again in the land washed away by the flood, I wish someone would give me advice.
I did put fertilizer in this field, but the production wasn't as expected, what could be the reason?
To do shade farming like the government said, it seems like it requires a lot of investment, it's difficult for farmers like us.
The soil of this field is weak, how to make it fertile, I need training.
I applied for the power tiller that the government said they would give, but it hasn't come yet.
This year the paddy seeds were planted late, I'm afraid the production will decrease.
The government doesn't do anything for the farmers, they just give speeches, we don't even get fertilizer on time.
I'm thinking of doing fruit farming in this land, but how to manage the water?
This year the vegetable seeds are expensive, how to farm?
The government said they would give loans to farmers, but how to get it, what's the process, I don't know.
Growing paddy in this field requires a lot of water, how to save water?
This year the flood destroyed all the crops, how to make a living now?
The government talks a lot about climate change, but does nothing for the farmers.
The outbreak of insects has increased in this field, what to do to control the insects?
This year, due to the lack of fertilizer, the potato cultivation was not good, what to do now?
To do modern farming like the government said, it seems like it requires a lot of money, it's difficult for poor farmers like us.
Due to the water problem in this field, it's difficult to grow paddy, I wish someone would help.
The government said they have insurance for farmers, but I don't know how to do it.
The soil fertility in this field has decreased, how to increase it?
This year the paddy crop was flooded because of too much rain, how to get compensation now?
The government said they would give training to farmers, but no one has called yet.
Wild animals eat the crops in this field, how to protect them?
The government said they have some new schemes for farmers, but no one knows what they are.
I don't have money to put fertilizer in this field, how to farm now?
The government said they would give subsidies to farmers, but haven't received any yet.
There are no people to work in this field, everyone has gone abroad, how to farm now?
The government said they would give some discounts to farmers, but no one knows what they are.
There is no water for irrigation in this field, how to farm now?
The government said they have brought some new technology for farmers, but no one knows what it is.
The soil in this field needs to be tested, but where to do it, who to ask?
The government said they would give loans to farmers, but the interest rate is high, how to pay it back?
They said there is a subsidy for fertilizer for this field, but I don't know how to get it.
This year, the government's subsidy on seeds has provided relief to many farmers.
Farmers who took cooperative loans to farm are having problems because they didn't get fertilizer on time.
There are complaints that the crop insurance claim payment process is a bit complicated.
The fact that the Agricultural Bank is providing loans at subsidized rates has excited the youth.
The weather didn't cooperate with this winter crop, many people's investments were lost.
Microfinance programs have helped women farmers become self-reliant.
Because the government's subsidies for farmers don't arrive on time, many haven't been able to benefit.
After the cooperative gave loans at low interest rates, many bought and planted improved seeds.
This year, insects ate the crops, I wonder if we'll get the insurance money?
Many farmers are happy because they can get a loan from the Agricultural Bank to buy a tractor.
I got the chance to learn a lot by participating in the training organized by the NGO.
The paddy crop wasn't good this year, so it will be difficult to repay the cooperative loan.
The government's subsidies for agriculture haven't reached the real farmers.
Microfinance has encouraged women in the villages to start businesses.
The Agricultural Bank should inform farmers about modern farming systems.
There is a provision to claim insurance if crops are destroyed due to natural disasters.
This year, the government has subsidized chemical fertilizers, so farmers have gotten some relief.
The cooperative has also arranged for concessional loans for animal husbandry.
Farmers are having difficulty gathering the necessary documents for crop insurance.
The Agricultural Development Bank should give loans to small farmers on a priority basis.
The seeds distributed by the NGO were not good, so many farmers' investments were wasted.
I'm thinking of taking a cooperative loan and growing vegetables.
The government should also provide some subsidies for irrigation for farmers.
There are complaints that microfinance charges very high interest rates.
The Agricultural Bank should simplify the process of giving loans to farmers.
This time the flood caused big damage to the paddy crops, now we have to rely on the insurance.
If the government had subsidized improved seeds, the farmers would have gotten a lot of relief.
The cooperative should arrange training to give farmers technical knowledge.
After doing crop insurance, it seems we can farm without worry.
Many farmers are stressed because they can't repay the agricultural bank loan.
The training given by the NGO taught us how to grow vegetables.
I have a plan to start poultry farming by taking a loan from the cooperative.
Farmers are suffering because they don't get the fertilizer subsidy from the government on time.
Microfinance has helped make women self-reliant by providing skill-based training.
The agricultural bank should provide loans to farmers at low interest rates.
This year's drought dried up the corn crop, I have to apply for insurance.
Farmers are demanding that the government should also subsidize agricultural equipment.
The cooperative should teach farmers to use modern technology.
There is a problem because many farmers don't have information about crop insurance.
The agricultural bank should give loans prioritizing small farmers.
Farmers have demanded compensation because the seeds distributed by the NGO were of poor quality.
It has become difficult to manage household expenses because of the loan taken from the cooperative.
The government should provide fertilizer and seeds to the farmers on time.
Microfinance provides loans to do small businesses in the villages.
The agricultural bank should remove the complicated process to give loans to farmers.
This year hail destroyed the crops, gotta claim the insurance.
The government should allocate more budget for the development of the agriculture sector.
Cooperatives encourage farmers in the village to unite and work together.
If the crop insurance process was easy, farmers would get a lot of relief.
The agricultural bank should bring special plans to attract young people to agricultural businesses.
Even when doing cooperative farming, we didn't get fertilizer on time, how to increase production?
Due to lack of proper irrigation in this hilly region, we couldn't get the expected benefits from cooperative farming.
During the winter crop season, we couldn't deliver seeds on time to everyone involved in cooperative farming.
It was difficult to get effective pesticides for insect control in cooperative farming.
Many people are complaining that production has decreased due to lack of water even in the farming done in the spring season.
Even after being involved in cooperative farming, we have to be disappointed because we don't get a fair price.
Problems are happening because not all members participate equally in the cooperative farming system.
There was a lot of loss because there was no proper storage arrangement at the time of harvesting the crop.
The lack of fertilizer greatly affected this year's Rabi season production of cooperative farming.
I feel sad that I can't use modern agricultural equipment in cooperative farming.
I'm afraid that the money invested in cooperative farming might be lost.
There is a complaint that most of the members do not fulfill their responsibilities when doing cooperative farming.
There was supposed to be a grant for cooperative farming, there's no news so far.
There was a problem because we didn't get the necessary training and information on time for cooperative farming.
There are complaints that the distribution of income in cooperative farming is not transparent.
There's a problem because there's no system for marketing the products from cooperative farming.
There are complaints that people working in cooperative farming don't get fair wages.
Production has decreased because improved seeds are not available in cooperative farming.
We are facing many problems due to the lack of technical support in cooperative farming.
It's getting difficult to make decisions because everyone's opinion doesn't match in cooperative farming.
Problems have arisen because personal interests are dominant in cooperative farming.
It's been a hassle trying to get a loan for cooperative farming.
There is concern because there is no proper insurance arrangement for those working in cooperative farming.
Complaints are coming that women's participation is low in cooperative farming.
It's too expensive to rent land for cooperative farming.
I feel left behind because I can't use new technology in cooperative farming.
It's getting difficult to make decisions because there isn't enough information for cooperative farming.
Many members are dissatisfied because there is no transparency in cooperative farming.
I am worried that the attraction of young people towards cooperative farming is decreasing.
I am afraid that the soil is deteriorating due to the use of chemical fertilizers in cooperative farming.
Production is decreasing due to the effects of climate change in cooperative farming.
Production has been affected due to the lack of irrigation equipment in cooperative farming.
There are problems because the workers in cooperative farming are not given proper training.
There was a problem because I didn't know how to use modern fertilizer in cooperative farming.
It has been difficult to work in cooperative farming due to the lack of coordination among the members.
In cooperative farming, the lack of a good accounting system has caused problems with bookkeeping.
In cooperative farming, transportation problems have prevented timely delivery of produce to the market.
In cooperative farming, the produced goods are unsold and stuck in the warehouse.
Problems are occurring in cooperative farming due to the lack of an investment environment.
The grant that the government promised to give to cooperative farming has not been received yet.
Problems have arisen in cooperative farming due to the lack of healthcare for the workers.
In cooperative farming, the soil fertility is decreasing because the use of organic fertilizer is not encouraged.
It is becoming difficult to add new members to cooperative farming.
It is becoming difficult to resolve disputes in cooperative farming.
Many problems are occurring in cooperative farming due to a lack of management.
In cooperative farming, production could not be increased due to a lack of knowledge of modern technology.
People don't feel like working in cooperative farming because they don't get incentive allowances.
Due to the lack of improved seeds in cooperative farming, production did not increase as expected.
Farmers are being cheated in cooperative farming due to improper price fixing.
Problems are arising in cooperative farming because not all members are honest.
This year, rice planting was delayed because the monsoon did not arrive on time, how will we survive now?
Now we have to do farming only after looking at the weather forecast, it is not as easy as before.
Due to the drought in the village, there is also a problem of drinking water, we have to buy water in the market.
Hail destroyed all the vegetable crops, there is nothing left to sell in the market.
The cold wave dried up all the potato plants, it will be difficult to save the seeds this time.
The flood swept away the field, now I'm worried about how to feed my family.
Couldn't get the vegetables to the market because the landslide blocked the road, everything rotted in the field.
Thinking of planting a new variety of rice this year after getting weather information.
Climate change has already affected farming a lot, now we need to adopt some adaptation measures.
If the government had given early warnings about the rain on time, there wouldn't have been so much damage.
It's so hard to get fertilizer when it's time to plant, can't find it in the market no matter how much I search.
Too much rain during the monsoon rotted the rice in the field, what will we eat now?
Wheat production will decrease this year due to lack of winter rain, how will I repay the landlord's debt?
If I had agricultural insurance, I would have gotten some relief when the hail damaged the crops, but who tells you these things!
We have to depend on rainwater for farming because there is no irrigation system in the village.
The soil is ruined by the use of chemical fertilizers, now we have to use organic fertilizer.
It's become very difficult to find people to farm in the village after the young people went abroad.
There isn't even a radio station in the village to give weather information, how do we find out?
The risk of landslides has increased during the monsoon, so we have to move to a safer place.
The outbreak of pests in the paddy crop is increasing, what should we do to control the pests?
It would be good if the government brought some programs for climate adaptation.
It would be very easy if the agriculture office arranged to provide weather forecasts on mobile phones.
The corn seedlings have started to dry up due to lack of timely rain, what to do now?
The flood in the monsoon submerged all the fields, how will I feed my family now?
Where should I apply to get compensation for the crops damaged by the hail?
I got the weather forecast info, so I'm waiting a few days to plant potatoes.
Because of the water shortage in the village, we're forced to leave the fields barren.
If the government gave farmers subsidies for improved seeds and fertilizer, it would be a big relief.
Because of climate change, new diseases have started to appear.
The excessive rain during the monsoon washed away the soil and reduced fertility.
Not being able to plant rice on time has started to worry me about famine.
Because of the drought, it's become difficult to even find grass to feed the livestock.
Since there are no agricultural technicians in the village, we don't know where to go for advice when problems arise.
The weather didn't cooperate this year, production has decreased, and it will be difficult to support the family.
If the government built a canal for irrigation, many farmers would get relief.
We need to build a dam around the field before the monsoon starts.
We must participate in tree planting campaigns to reduce the impact of climate change.
After getting the weather information, I'm planning when to apply chemical fertilizer to the field.
Because there's no electricity in the village, we're having trouble irrigating, who should we tell?
Because of the fear of floods during the monsoon, I can't even sleep well at night.
The wheat didn't do well this time, it seems like I won't even recover the investment when I sell it in the market.
We suffered a lot of losses because the weather forecast was wrong, who should we trust now?
Because of climate change, new insects are appearing, making it difficult to save the crops.
The government should make agricultural loans easily available to farmers.
It's time to prepare to protect the village from floods and landslides.
Because of climate change, the water sources are drying up, how will we survive?
The government should teach farmers climate-smart agriculture techniques.
We should help the families displaced by landslides washing away their homes and fields during the monsoon.
The rice seedlings are starting to dry up because it didn't rain on time, what to do now?
It's necessary to spread awareness about climate change in the village.
If you run the solar pump randomly when there's a water shortage in the field, the motor might burn out, be careful.
If water isn't collected during the pre-monsoon season, the solar pump might not work due to drought.
If you don't pay attention to the wind speed while drone spraying, the medicine can reach far away and have a negative effect.
Accidents can happen if you don't take safety precautions while operating a power tiller.
If compost fertilizer isn't properly decomposed before use, there's a chance of disease in the plants.
When using a mobile app to get weather information, you might get wrong information due to network problems.
When using greenhouse technology in winter, there's a risk of plants dying if you don't pay attention to temperature balance.
Excessive use of growth hormones can reduce the fertility of the soil.
If proper water management isn't done when planting rice in the Kharif season, it's difficult for the crop to thrive.
Relying only on the information shown in the weather app for farming can sometimes lead to losses.
Using chemical fertilizer instead of fertile soil in the field can damage the soil.
Operating a power tiller in the field can cause a lot of dust, leading to respiratory problems.
If there's a problem of waterlogging in the post-monsoon season, the use of solar pumps might not be effective.
If the amount of pesticide isn't right when drone spraying, it can have a negative effect on the crop.
Relying too much on mobile apps while working in the fields can delay the work.
Using weather apps for weather info, sometimes wrong info can cause damage.
Using plastic in greenhouse tech can negatively affect the environment.
Using chemical fertilizer in the field can reduce the natural quality of the soil.
If you don't use safety gear while using a power tiller in the field, you can get hurt.
If you don't properly filter compost fertilizer, weeds can grow.
When drone spraying, if you don't consider the wind, it can affect the neighbor's crops.
When getting weather info from a mobile app, you might have problems in places with no network.
If you don't choose the right place when installing a solar pump in the field, it can be hard to pump water.
In precision farming, if you use fertilizer without testing the soil, it can affect the crops.
Relying on the weather app and planting seeds, the seeds might go to waste if it doesn't rain.
If an experienced person isn't using the power tiller in the field, there might be an accident.
If there isn't enough ventilation when using greenhouse tech, the plants might die.
If you don't pay attention to data security when using a mobile app, your personal info might be at risk.
Excessive use of chemical fertilizer in the field can destroy the soil's fertility.
If it keeps raining during the Kharif season, using a solar pump might not be effective.
If you don't wear protective clothing when drone spraying, you might get skin allergies.
When putting a solar pump in the field, be aware of the risk of theft.
Just planting crops based on the temperature shown on the weather app can cause losses.
If you don't make compost fertilizer the right way, the smell can cause problems.
If you farm according to the weather app info in pre-monsoon, the seeds might go to waste if it doesn't rain.
If you drive a power tiller without the necessary safety training, there could be an accident.
Using too much chemical fertilizer in greenhouse technology can damage the soil quality.
If you don't maintain the solar pump in the field on time, it might break down.
If you don't check the authenticity when getting weather info from a mobile app, you might get wrong information.
When doing drone spraying, don't use chemicals that harm the environment.
When using a solar pump in the post-monsoon season, if the sky is hazy, it might not produce enough energy.
Relying on weather apps and planting seeds in the field, hailstorms can destroy the crops.
When using a power tiller in the field, the ground can sink too much and get ruined.
When making compost fertilizer, if you don't consider biodiversity, the soil health can get damaged.
Entering wrong data in precision farming can cause a deficiency of elements needed for the crop.
If you use a mobile app the wrong way, it can waste your time.
Using too many pesticides in greenhouse technology can affect human health.
Using a solar pump in the field can dry up the water source.
If too much water collects in the Kharif season, using a solar pump can weaken the land.
When doing drone spraying, spraying medicine in someone else's field without permission can lead to legal action.
What's the point of coming to the cooperative, even planting fruit plants and doing shade farming didn't give a good income.
We didn't even get fertilizer and seeds on time, how to plant rice this monsoon?
The plan to protect the environment by planting wooden trees is good, but how will it provide for immediate living?
The government said they would give seeds, I'm tired of going back and forth to the cooperative.
These days the fields are dry because it hasn't rained, I would be grateful if you could arrange irrigation.
What's the point of taking this mixed farming training if there's no place to sell in the market?
Increasing carbon storage is a big thing, but we're struggling to make ends meet.
Couldn't find improved seeds, so we're forced to plant the old ones.
This year is even more of a drought, how are we going to grow crops now?
The compost fertilizer from the cooperative didn't work at all, it's the same even after putting it in the field.
I planted fruit seedlings, but I felt bad when I didn't get a good price in the market.
It's getting hard to grow crops because of this climate change, what are we going to eat now?
The government talks about agricultural insurance, but it's hard to get compensation when crops are destroyed.
I'm tired of searching for improved grass seeds, where can I find them?
This time, insects destroyed the crops, and we didn't get any help for pest control.
The agricultural subsidies that the government talks about are only on paper, when are we going to get them?
They say they'll auction off the land if we can't repay the loan from the cooperative, what to do now?
This time's rain washed away all the crops, how will we feed the family now?
When I go to the cooperative to ask for seeds, they always say 'out of stock', where to get seeds from?
They gave training on making organic fertilizer, but where to get the materials to make fertilizer from?
The agricultural tools given by this cooperative don't work at all, the old plow was better.
This shade farming plan is good, but who will give information about it?
When planting trees for wood, food crops yield less, what to do now?
The government said they would give agricultural loans, but the cooperative didn't give any.
These improved seeds are very expensive, how can poor farmers buy them?
The cooperative didn't arrange irrigation like they said, we're forced to rely on rain.
This mixed farming method is too complicated, the old way seems easier.
The carbon storage plan won't solve our problems, we need immediate relief.
These cooperative rules are too strict, it's difficult for farmers.
The government should provide information about agricultural insurance, we don't know about it.
This year the potatoes got a disease, what should we do now?
We didn't get compost fertilizer like the cooperative said, we have to buy it in the market.
This fruit plant didn't grow well, what should we do now?
The cooperative asks for too many documents for agricultural loans, it's hard to gather them.
This time the rice got insects, how to save it now?
The government should provide information about agricultural subsidies, we don't know about it.
The cooperative charged too much for the seeds, we felt cheated.
This time the flood washed away all the fields, how to make a living now?
The government said they would give subsidies on agricultural tools, but we didn't get any.
This time it was very difficult to get fertilizer, where to get it from?
The water for irrigation didn't come like the cooperative said, what should we do now?
This mixed farming method is too difficult, the old way seems easier to us.
The timber trees didn't grow like the cooperative said, what should we do now?
This fruit plant is too small, when will it bear fruit?
We didn't get the agricultural loan like the cooperative said, what should we do now?
This time rice got disease, how to save it now?
Selling directly in the cooperative market might have price fluctuations, be careful.
Relying only on the local market sometimes you might not get a good price, so look for other options too.
When using fertilizer, don't use it randomly without testing the soil, it can have negative effects.
After taking seeds from the seed bank, prepare the export documents on time, otherwise there might be problems.
When using intermediaries to deliver goods to the wholesale market, you might have to pay a lot of commission, be aware.
When advertising your product in the online market, don't give false information, consumers might get cheated.
When using improved seeds during rice planting season, there might be a risk of disease, adopt organic methods.
Intermediaries can cheat farmers on price, so try to sell directly.
When using irrigation equipment, follow safety standards, there might be accidents.
If demand decreases in the local market, prices can drop sharply, look for alternative markets.
When preparing export documents, don't submit false details, there might be legal action.
In cooperative farming, making decisions without the consent of all members can cause disputes.
When selling goods in the online market, be careful about payment, you might get scammed.
When sending goods to the wholesale market, transportation costs can be high, calculate it beforehand.
When there is a lot of competition in the local market, you might have to lower the price, be patient.
Using compost fertilizer without properly decomposing it can negatively affect the crop.
If you provide false information in export documents, the government may withhold subsidies.
Farmers should not lose patience when prices fluctuate, wait for the right time.
Buying seeds based on what the intermediary says might not be good quality, only buy from certified places.
Be careful, there's a chance of getting scammed when dealing with strangers in online markets.
Don't do credit transactions when selling goods in the wholesale market, you might lose money.
Vegetables with pesticides might also come to the local market, only buy after checking properly.
Using fertilizer can affect the soil's fertility, only use it in balanced amounts.
Business can be disrupted if export documents are not renewed on time.
There might be disputes when distributing profits in the cooperative market, make rules beforehand.
Ignoring customer feedback in the online market can affect business.
When the demand for goods decreases in the wholesale market, it affects the price, so forecast the demand.
If you give goods on credit in the local market, you might not get the money on time, do cash transactions.
If you have any doubts while making export documents, contact the relevant authority.
Don't be discouraged when prices fluctuate, study the market patiently.
Middlemen can give farmers wrong advice, use your own common sense.
When editing photos to make goods attractive in the online market, it can be different from reality.
If the packaging is not good when delivering goods to the wholesale market, the goods can be damaged, pay attention.
When selling directly in the local market, all goods may not be sold, be prepared.
If you mix harmful weeds while making compost fertilizer, it can affect the crop.
If export documents are lost, immediately inform the relevant authority.
Before making the wrong decision when prices fluctuate, consult with an expert.
Don't buy the wrong seeds because of the greed of middlemen, production may decrease.
Don't try to cheat customers by giving false information when selling goods in the online market.
You can get cheated if you trade in the wholesale market without knowing the price of goods.
Selling goods in the local market without registering might be illegal.
When using irrigation equipment, don't waste water, there might be a water shortage.
You can be blacklisted if incorrect details are found in the export documents.
Farmers shouldn't make decisions like suicide because of price fluctuations.
Middlemen can buy goods at low prices and sell them at high prices, be aware.
Keep customer's personal information safe when selling goods in the online market.
Goods can get lost on the way when delivering to the wholesale market, get insurance.
The price may decrease if you deliver more produce than demand in the local market, plan your production.
Using chemical fertilizer in the Kharif season can reduce soil fertility, use organic fertilizer.
How to use compost fertilizer in the fields when there is a water shortage, are there any solutions?
Can mulching increase soil fertility, does the cooperative provide any training about this?
There is a water problem in the field, will soil testing provide some solutions?
The crops have started to dry up due to the drought, what can be done to prevent soil degradation?
Planting was delayed this year due to low rainfall, how to do mulching during planting now?
Does the cooperative provide grants for mulching or not?
Can the cooperative provide irrigation equipment to save crops in case of water shortage?
Too much water washes away the soil during the rainy season, are there any ways to prevent soil erosion?
Will the use of compost fertilizer be effective in this field due to the water problem or not?
Can plants be saved by mulching even in a drought?
Does the cooperative run soil testing camps?
When water is scarce in the fields, how long does mulching help retain soil moisture?
This time there's no rain and the field is barren, how to check the soil health?
Has the cooperative introduced any new technology to improve soil health?
What else can be done instead of mulching in places with water problems?
If we do mulching in the field, will the crops thrive even with water scarcity?
Does the cooperative advise on using fertilizers according to the soil test results?
Does the cooperative teach anything about how to protect the soil in water scarcity?
What is the right way to do mulching, does the cooperative provide training?
Does the cooperative provide any solutions about soil problems caused by water scarcity?
How to make compost fertilizer to improve soil health, can I get some information?
What effect does mulching have on the soil when there is water scarcity?
This year there has been very little rain, what kind of crop is suitable to plant when mulching now?
What programs has the cooperative introduced for soil fertility?
Where can I find the materials needed for mulching in water scarcity?
Does the cooperative provide information on how to do mulching in water scarcity?
Can mulching in this dry field prevent soil degradation?
What precautions should be taken when mulching in the field in water scarcity?
Do I need to apply to the cooperative to get the soil tested?
There is a water problem in this field, can crops still be planted by mulching?
What kind of fertilizer does the cooperative recommend to improve soil fertility when there's water scarcity?
Does the cooperative provide the plastic needed for mulching?
Which crops should get priority for mulching when there's water scarcity?
How many days does it take to get the soil health test report?
What kind of training does the cooperative run to improve soil health?
How to use compost fertilizer to maintain soil fertility when there's water scarcity?
Since there's less water this year, does the cooperative offer any discounts on soil testing?
When there's less water in the fields, what else can be done as an alternative to mulching?
Does the cooperative charge any fees for soil health testing?
When mulching with water scarcity, how high can the soil temperature rise?
Does the cooperative teach mulching methods according to the type of soil?
What are the contact hours for soil health testing at the cooperative?
Does the cooperative provide financial assistance for mulching during water scarcity?
Has the cooperative introduced any new plans to protect soil health during water scarcity?
When should soil testing be done after mulching?
How should fertilizer be used to increase wheat production in the winter season?
What can be done to reduce the impact of climate change on cardamom farming?
Have farmers been able to use new technology in rice cultivation?
What could be the reason why vegetable production isn't good this year?
What kind of impact will water scarcity have on maize production?
What kind of fruit plants can farmers plant in the post-monsoon season?
How to control crop diseases caused by climate change?
Do farmers know where to find seeds for rice, wheat, and corn?
How can we solve the water problem by using irrigation equipment?
What's the future of orange farming in this area?
What kind of impact has climate change had on millet farming?
Can we provide compost fertilizer making training to the farmers?
Has the government planned any relief for farmers who couldn't plant rice due to low rainfall?
What kind of vegetables can farmers plant in the pre-monsoon season?
What kind of fertilizer is needed for wheat farming for the farmers here?
What is the demand for lentils in the local market?
What impact has climate change had on potato production?
Do farmers know the correct way to use pesticides?
What effect does excessive rainfall during the monsoon have on sugarcane farming?
Can other crops be planted instead of rice in this place?
What documents are required for farmers to get agricultural loans?
Has the government introduced any plans to increase wheat production?
When will the farmers here be given new training related to rice farming?
What impact has climate change had on vegetable prices?
How will the orange production be this year?
What should be done to control insects in paddy farming?
What kind of seeds are suitable for farmers for wheat cultivation?
Is there a provision to provide subsidies to farmers for paddy, wheat, and maize seeds here?
How has climate change affected fruit production?
How to encourage farmers to use organic fertilizer?
What kind of irrigation facilities are available to the farmers here for paddy cultivation?
What could be the reason for the decrease in cardamom production due to climate change?
What are the ways to control pests without using pesticides for farmers?
Do the farmers here know where to find paddy seeds?
How has climate change affected paddy production?
Do farmers have information on what kind of soil is suitable for wheat cultivation?
What kind of training is needed for the farmers here for vegetable farming?
How has climate change affected the price of fruits?
Can farmers be taught how to make compost fertilizer?
Do the farmers here have information about the diseases that affect paddy cultivation?
How will the wheat production be this year?
What could be the reason for the decrease in millet production due to climate change?
What kind of fertilizer is needed for farmers for paddy cultivation?
What kind of support do the farmers here need for vegetable farming?
What can be done to reduce the impact of climate change on potato farming?
Can we encourage farmers to use organic pesticides instead of chemical ones?
What can be done to reduce water scarcity in rice farming?
How to use fertilizer in wheat farming?
What can be done to increase corn production in this area?
How has climate change affected the production of rice, wheat, and corn?
In this post-flood time, there's a fear of big price fluctuations if we sell directly from the greenhouse.
Since the demand in the local market is down, there's no option but to take it to the wholesale market, but the transportation is expensive.
Due to the shortage of fertilizer and seeds, this year's Rabi season production might not be as expected.
If we went to a cooperative farming system and sold together, we might get some relief, but not all farmers agree.
If we could sell greenhouse-grown vegetables in the online market, we would get a good price, but I don't know how to do it.
It's complicated to make documents for export, so we are forced to give it to the middlemen at a lower price.
We had a lot of losses this year because there was no rain in the spring season, what to do now?
Middlemen always ask for a lower price, they don't appreciate our hard work.
In the current situation, it is difficult to get a good price in the local market, it's a problem when everyone's produce comes at once.
There is a transportation problem to reach the wholesale market, the roads are not well built yet.
Due to price fluctuations, sometimes there is profit, sometimes there is loss, it is difficult to balance the accounts.
Now we have to adopt a direct sales method, only the middlemen are benefiting.
I have heard about cooperative marketing, but I don't know what the process is.
It would be easier if we could get training to sell in the online market, it would also benefit those working in the greenhouse.
How much does it cost to make export documents? Does anyone know?
Kharif season is about to start, now we need to arrange new seeds.
It feels really bad when we're forced to sell at the price the middleman says.
Customers bargain a lot in the local market, it's hard to even recover the cost.
Transportation costs a lot even when taking it to the wholesale market, there's not much profit.
This year the price fluctuated so much that the calculations went wrong.
Now we need to plan to sell directly to consumers, shouldn't give too much to the middleman.
I've heard that cooperative marketing also benefits small farmers.
To sell goods in the online market, you need to know how to use a mobile, I don't really know how.
What documents are needed for export, can anyone give information?
Will there be good rain this sowing season or not, I'm worried.
Sometimes the middleman takes the goods on credit, they are late to pay.
It would be good if we could produce according to the demand of the local market, but it's difficult to predict the demand.
Our goods should get a fair price in the wholesale market, someone should look into it.
It's become difficult to run the family because of the price fluctuations.
Now when selling directly, we need to build a good relationship with the customers, so that they become regular customers.
What needs to be done to become a member of cooperative marketing, does anyone know?
How to advertise our products in the online market?
Does the government provide any grants when exporting?
Should I plant potatoes or onions in the Rabi season, I'm a little confused.
When giving it to the middleman, we have to sell at a low price, but there is no other option either.
It's been a little difficult since they stopped using plastic bags in the local market.
I heard that traders collude to lower prices in the wholesale market.
If we could get timely information about price fluctuations, we could figure something out.
Selling directly, we can give fresh vegetables to the customers, that's a good thing.
I've heard that cooperative marketing increases market access.
How does the money come when selling goods in the online market?
Does the government provide any training for export?
We need to prepare to plant new vegetables in the spring season.
There are many complaints that middlemen cheat small farmers.
There is a lot of competition in the local market, it is difficult to sell your product.
How much does it cost to set up a stall for my goods in the wholesale market?
Due to price fluctuations, it has become difficult to pay back the bank loan.
When selling directly, you have to treat customers well, only then they will come back again and again.
What are the benefits of becoming a member of a cooperative marketing?
How to know customer feedback in the online market?
To protect food grains stored in the cooperative's warehouse from insects, regular monitoring should be done.
If proper grading (selection) is not done before storing in the cold store, the quality may decrease.
In hilly areas, be careful as there is a risk of rain while drying grains.
Pay special attention to cleaning the warehouse before storing to avoid storage insect infestations.
When using chemical pesticides, use them only keeping food safety in mind, otherwise it can have serious health effects.
Using wrong methods for food preservation can increase the risk of food poisoning.
When storing seeds, be extra careful to protect them from seasonal changes, otherwise they might lose their ability to sprout.
Compost fertilizer can get ruined if water gets in during storage, so keep it in a proper place.
When storing, don't put the sacks directly on the floor, because the moisture can cause mold in the grains.
If grading (selection) isn't done well, the grains kept in the cold storage can also rot.
Don't store more goods than the capacity in the cold storage operated by the cooperative, there's a chance they'll spoil.
When storing, don't mix old and new grains together, the chances of infestation increase.
Pay special attention when storing grains produced in the Kharif season during the rainy season, otherwise they might rot.
If the place where chemical fertilizer is stored gets damp, there's a risk of the fertilizer clumping.
If pesticides aren't used properly during storage, pest infestations in the grains can increase.
If the grains aren't dried well before storing, there might be problems with mold and bad smell.
Using poor quality materials for packaging (sealing) can lead to pest infestations in the grains.
Temperature fluctuations in the cold storage can spoil the grains, so check regularly.
Pay attention when storing seeds that the cooperative distributes to farmers, otherwise they might lose their germination power.
Storing in a place where light gets in reduces the quality of the grains, so choose a dark place.
If food preservation measures aren't taken when storing food grains, it can have negative effects on health.
If you suspect a pest infestation in the grains, consult an agricultural technician immediately, otherwise all the grains might be destroyed.
Special care should be taken to protect grains stored in the spring season from pests during the rainy season.
If there is dampness and moisture in the warehouse, there is a possibility of mold in the stored grains.
Take special measures to protect from rats when storing, otherwise the grains can be damaged.
If you dry grains too hot while drying, the quality can go down.
Don't store chemical fertilizer with food stuff, it can cause food poisoning.
If you don't clean fruits and vegetables well before putting them in cold storage, it can spread infection.
If you don't clean the warehouse regularly, the risk of storage pests increases.
If you store without grading, even good grains can spoil.
If the stored grain smells weird, don't use it right away.
Don't store grain as soon as you bring it in from the field, you need to dry it for a while.
If the bag quality is not good when storing grain in bags, pests can infest the grain.
If the stored grain feels damp, dry it in the sun right away, otherwise it can spoil.
When choosing a warehouse for storage, don't choose a place that might leak water.
If you don't read the label before using pesticides, the crop can be damaged.
If you don't use wooden planks instead of putting it directly on the floor while storing, the grain can spoil due to the cold.
If you don't check the temperature of the cold storage regularly, the grain can spoil.
If the drying area is not clean, dirt and dust can mix with the grain.
If you don't seal it well when packaging, pests and moisture can get in.
Don't use old bags for storage, because they may already have pests in them.
If there are holes in the grain storage area that let in light, the quality of the grain decreases.
If the stored paddy gets damp during the rice planting season, its germination power may decrease.
If you don't turn the grain regularly during storage, there is a risk of mold.
Adjust the temperature according to the type of grain during storage, otherwise the grain may spoil.
We need to inform the farmers who come to the agriculture office for seeds about Integrated Pest Management.
There's a high chance of increased insect infestation in wheat this Rabi season.
Farmers should be encouraged to adopt biological control methods to reduce pesticide use.
It seems viral disease has appeared in paddy, so preventive measures should be taken immediately.
To protect potatoes from fungal diseases, seeds should be treated before planting.
Insect infestation has increased in maize, so take safety precautions when using pesticides.
Using a power tiller is effective for controlling excessive weeds in the field.
This year, bacterial disease infection has been seen in fruits.
Insecticides should be distributed to farmers for paddy seeds before the rainy season.
If farmers can identify crop diseases, Integrated Pest Management becomes easier.
It would be very convenient for farmers if a pesticide safety training could be held at the office.
Farmers are worried after rats started destroying crops.
The use of biopesticides should be prioritized under the Integrated Pest Management program.
This year, a lot of virus infection has been seen in tomatoes, proper consultation is needed for this.
Along with the distribution of improved seeds, information about the importance of seed treatment should also be given.
Due to improper water management, the problem of weeds in paddy is increasing.
Excessive use of chemical pesticides in fields has a negative impact on the environment.
Growing vegetables using biopesticides is beneficial for health.
Treating paddy seeds with fungicide before planting results in healthy plants.
It is mandatory for farmers to wear masks and gloves when using pesticides.
I urge farmers to be careful because there might be more insects this pre-monsoon season.
Farmers need to be trained for integrated pest management.
The agriculture extension office should run camps to give info about proper pesticide use.
Spray pesticides on time to protect potato crops from blight.
There's been an outbreak of stem borers in rice, so it needs to be controlled immediately.
Farmers should use less pesticide to kill weeds in the fields.
Pest outbreaks can also be reduced by using biological control methods.
Take advice from agricultural experts to identify crop diseases and pests.
Information should be given about the effects of pesticide use on the environment and human health.
Leaflets should be distributed to inform farmers about integrated pest management.
There is a possibility of increased vegetable diseases this spring season.
The problem of weeds is increasing due to improper irrigation management in the fields.
Farmers should be encouraged to use organic fertilizers to reduce pesticide use.
Crop diseases and pests should be identified and controlled in time.
Take safety precautions when using pesticides, otherwise it can seriously affect your health.
Using mulching technology is effective for controlling excessive weeds in the field.
I urge farmers to be careful because there may be more pests during the harvesting season.
Modern technology should be used because traditional methods are not effective for controlling rats.
Active participation of farmers is necessary to make the integrated pest management program effective.
Training materials should be prepared in the local language to provide information on the safe use of pesticides.
This time, there's a high chance of potato diseases in the Rabi season.
To control weeds in the field, weeding should be prioritized.
The agriculture extension office should inform farmers about using organic pesticides.
Farmers should be informed about using mobile apps to identify crop diseases and pests.
When using pesticides, consider the wind speed and direction.
Using irrigation equipment is effective for controlling excessive weeds in the field.
During the harvesting season, special attention should be paid to protect crops from storage pests.
When using poison to control rats, keep it away from children and pets.
Local government support is needed to make the integrated pest management program successful.
Awareness programs should be conducted in villages to provide information about the safe use of pesticides.
After the earthquake, rice production has decreased in the hills, so there's worry about how to store it.
This year, wheat seeds weren't available on time, so production seems to be affected.
I request the farmers bringing corn for storage to wait in line.
Technology has come to store potatoes and other vegetables for many days.
It seems the capacity of cold stores needs to be increased to store oranges and other fruits.
Even though lentil production is good this year, it's difficult to get a fair price.
There is increasing demand for millet in the hilly region, but the lack of storage is a problem.
Is there any way to safely store soybeans for a long time?
There is a lot of loss due to the problem of ginger rotting during storage.
It would be very easy for farmers if they could get training on how to store cardamom.
Grains stored in the winter months have less chance of spoiling.
Because it rained a lot this Kharif season, the rice production will be affected.
How to manage storage after harvesting the paddy?
Pesticides should be used safely for storage.
Due to lack of fertilizer, this year's production wasn't as expected.
Production also decreases when the seed quality is not good.
Although using a power tiller makes farming easier, it's still difficult in hilly areas.
Farmers need to be taught how to store rice.
Many farmers don't know about modern technology for storage.
Due to lack of storage, farmers are forced to sell their produce cheaply.
Is there any way to protect rice from insects?
This year, corn production decreased due to lack of timely rain.
Does the government provide any assistance to increase storage capacity?
Although potato production is good this year, there is no price in the market.
We need training on how to use modern equipment for storage.
The storage houses destroyed by the earthquake have not been rebuilt yet.
A lot of grain is being wasted due to improper storage management.
Although there is a lot of orange production this year, there is a storage problem.
Farmers should be provided with storage containers on subsidy.
It is difficult to find suitable places for storage in hilly areas.
I need information on how to control the temperature for storage.
Hoping for a good wheat harvest this year.
Due to lack of storage, many farmers are forced to sell their produce in the village itself.
How will this year's weather affect rice production?
It is necessary to make farmers understand the importance of storage.
Where can I find plastic bags needed for storage?
What will be the price of millet this year?
How to choose a suitable place for storage?
We need to coordinate with the agriculture office to train farmers for storage.
Solar energy can be used for storage in hilly areas.
Worried about how the lentil production will be this year.
How to manage proper ventilation for storage?
Farmers are disappointed because the price of cardamom has decreased this year.
What measures should be taken to keep grains safe in storage?
There were many problems this year because corn seeds were not available on time.
A new plan should be brought to increase storage capacity.
Farmers should be informed about the materials needed for storage.
Even though vegetable production was good this year, the problem is not getting good prices in the market.
Need to inform the seed bank that the winter crop planting time has changed due to climate change.
Farmers should be encouraged to plant fruit plants for sustainable agriculture.
Mixed farming helps increase soil fertility and also helps in carbon storage.
There's a lot of potential for shade farming in this area, farmers need to be trained.
We can make animal husbandry more systematic by planting Napier grass seedlings.
Looks like the production of the Rabi season will decrease this year because it didn't rain on time.
Because of climate change, we need to increase the use of irrigation equipment.
We need to make farmers understand the importance of timber trees.
We should teach them how to use organic fertilizer to reduce pesticide use.
Farmers should be encouraged to plant trees for carbon sequestration.
When distributing fruit plants, we need to choose varieties that are suitable for the local climate.
Improved seeds for winter crops are available here.
We need to inform farmers about the impact of climate change on agriculture.
Shade farming hasn't been effective in this area due to lack of irrigation.
Planting Napier grass seedlings also helps in soil conservation.
It's been difficult to plant crops in the Rabi season because of climate change.
Farmers can earn long-term income by planting timber trees.
Farmers can reduce their risk by adopting mixed farming systems.
Shade farming can give good yields even in places with water scarcity.
Improved seeds are available in the seed bank, farmers should be informed.
Planting seeds was delayed this time because it didn't rain during the pre-monsoon.
Looks like climate change will also affect the production of crops planted in the Kharif season.
We should give farmers proper training on how to use fertilizer and seeds.
We should encourage farmers to increase grass production.
We can help protect the environment by planting trees.
Production has increased due to the use of irrigation equipment.
Winter crop production has decreased this year due to climate change.
Planting fruit plants increases soil fertility.
Shade farming helps protect crops even in extreme heat.
Local seeds are also available in this seed bank.
Excessive use of pesticides has a negative impact on soil health.
Carbon sequestration helps reduce the impact of climate change.
Due to water scarcity caused by climate change, irrigation should be arranged.
Farmers should be informed about the importance of trees.
Soil fertility increases due to mixed cropping system.
Planting grass seedlings makes animal husbandry easier.
It is our responsibility to provide improved seeds in the seed bank.
Improved seeds are available for crops grown in the Kharif season.
Climate change has added new challenges for farmers.
Production has increased due to shade farming.
Wheat planted in the Rabi season started to dry up this year due to lack of rain.
Farmers can increase their income by planting trees.
Planting fruit trees also helps in protecting the environment.
Due to climate change, we have to use new technology in agriculture.
Managing fodder grass makes livestock farming more systematic.
We should focus on afforestation programs for carbon sequestration.
Proper management is needed to keep seeds safe in the seed bank.
Farmers have benefited a lot from the use of irrigation equipment.
We should teach farmers about climate change adaptation measures.
Farmers can earn income throughout the year because of shade farming.
The vegetables planted in the greenhouse started drying up because the monsoon didn't arrive on time this year, how to manage water?
The soil in the greenhouse became completely dry due to the drought, what should I do to make it fertile?
I'm thinking of planting vegetables only after looking at the weather forecast now, I lost a lot before.
I have to adopt new technology in the greenhouse for climate adaptation, the old one didn't work.
Hail tore the plastic of the greenhouse and damaged the vegetables, I have to take out a loan again to rebuild it.
I have covered the plants well with plastic so that the cold wave does not affect them in the greenhouse.
I am planning to move the greenhouse to a safe place as the risk of floods and landslides has increased.
Since production has decreased due to drought this year, I have started preparing for the next season from now.
I have to go to the agriculture office to find out if the government provides any grants for climate adaptation.
The vegetables in the greenhouse are diseased, I need to spray medicine to control the pests.
If I had received weather information on time, I could have saved the greenhouse from hail.
Due to the drought and water problem, should I keep the greenhouse empty this year?
Hearing the monsoon will be even later, I'm worried about what will happen to the vegetables in the greenhouse.
Looks like the women working in the greenhouse need training on the effects of climate change.
This year, hail caused a lot of damage to the greenhouse, I should apply for compensation.
To avoid drought, we need to install a drip irrigation system in the greenhouse, but there's no money.
If we had weather forecast info, we could have prepared the greenhouse in time and avoided a lot of damage.
Climate change is affecting greenhouse farming a lot, we need to adopt new methods.
Due to lack of water, blight has started in the greenhouse vegetables, what to do?
This year there's a drinking water problem in the village due to drought, where to get water for the greenhouse?
According to the weather forecast, there's no chance of rain for the next few days, how to save the greenhouse?
Due to the drought, the fields are barren, I'm worried if the same problem will happen in the greenhouse.
When will we get the relief from the government to rebuild the greenhouse damaged by hail?
The women working in the greenhouse should have information about climate change, otherwise problems will come.
What kind of support is there for greenhouse farmers in the government's climate adaptation plan?
This year, the monsoon is weak, so the worry of reduced vegetable production in the greenhouse has increased.
The tomatoes in the greenhouse have started to dry out due to the drought, we need to do something for water.
Without weather forecast information, there was a lot of damage in the greenhouse, from now on I will get information regularly.
I'm thinking of using new technology in the greenhouse to reduce the impact of climate change.
To protect from hail, we need to put a strong plastic roof on the greenhouse, but there is a lack of money.
What should be done to keep the greenhouse warm to protect it from cold waves, I don't have much information.
I'm worried about how to protect the greenhouse from the risk of floods and landslides.
Couldn't plant veggies in the greenhouse this year because of the drought, what to do now?
What's the process for the government's climate adaptation grant, how to find out?
The veggies in the greenhouse have a disease, how to cure it without using pesticides?
If we had timely weather info, we could have saved the greenhouse veggies, what to do now?
Greenhouse production decreased due to water problems from the drought, how to compensate?
The monsoon is late, so the veggies in the greenhouse are starting to dry out, what to do to save them?
Women working in greenhouses need to be informed about the impact of climate change.
Hail damaged the greenhouse this year, when will we get the compensation from the government?
To avoid drought, a drip irrigation system should be installed in the greenhouse, but who will pay?
If we had weather forecast info and prepared in time in the greenhouse, a lot of damage could have been avoided.
Climate change has greatly affected greenhouse farming, we need to adopt new technology.
Due to lack of water, blight has started to appear on the greenhouse vegetables, what medicine should I spray?
Where should I apply for the government relief to rebuild the greenhouse damaged by hail?
Women working in greenhouses should have information about climate change, where can I find training?
What kind of support is there for greenhouse farmers in the government's climate adaptation plan, how to find out?
Taking a loan from an agricultural bank is a bit more complicated than a cooperative loan.
Getting an input subsidy requires more documents than getting a crop loan.
The interest rate of microfinance is usually higher than that of cooperative loans.
Getting insurance claim payment is harder than getting a cooperative loan.
Getting a cooperative loan is faster, it's not as easy to get a government grant.
Cooperative loans are easier for village farmers than agricultural bank loans.
I find it easier to farm with crop loans than with input subsidies.
Cooperative loan interest rates are lower than microfinance rates.
Cooperative loans are better because they are available on time, unlike government subsidies.
Getting agricultural insurance claims is harder than getting cooperative loans.
Taking loans from cooperatives is much safer than from microfinance.
The process of getting a cooperative loan is simpler than getting a loan from an agricultural bank.
The process for crop loans is a bit longer compared to input subsidies.
Many farmers prefer cooperative loans because their interest rates are lower than other banks.
Cooperative loans are better because insurance claims take time to get.
Farmers get relief because cooperative loans are easier to get than government subsidies.
Cooperative loans have more flexibility than agricultural bank loans.
Cooperative loans don't require many documents, but input subsidies do.
Cooperative loans are easier to repay than microfinance loans.
Getting insurance claim payments is more of a hassle than getting cooperative loans.
The process for cooperative loans is faster than government subsidies.
Service charges are lower for cooperative loans than for agricultural bank loans.
I find it easier to work with crop loans than with input subsidies.
Cooperative loan interest rates are much lower than microfinance rates.
Less paperwork is required for cooperative loans than for insurance claim payments.
It's easier to get a cooperative loan than a government grant.
Cooperative loans have more options than agricultural bank loans.
Crop loans are more useful for farmers than input subsidies.
The cooperative loan process is faster than microfinance.
It's easier to get a cooperative loan than an insurance claim payment.
Cooperative loan interest rates are lower compared to government grants.
Cooperative loans have more facilities than agricultural bank loans.
Farmers find it easier to get crop loans than input subsidies.
Cooperative loans are considered safer than microfinance.
The cooperative loan process is simpler compared to insurance claim payments.
Cooperative loans have reached more farmers compared to government grants.
Cooperative loans are more convenient in villages than agricultural bank loans.
Crop loans have more utility compared to input subsidies.
It's easier to get a cooperative loan than an insurance claim payment.
There is more transparency in cooperative loans than in government grants.
More farmers participate in cooperative loans than in agricultural bank loans.
More farmers take crop loans than get input subsidies.
The cooperative loan process is less cumbersome than microfinance.
The cooperative loan process is faster compared to insurance claim payments.
More farmers get cooperative loans than government grants.
Cooperative loans have more flexibility than agricultural bank loans.
Crop loans help farmers more than input subsidies.
The interest rate of cooperative loans is more stable than that of microfinance.
Getting a cooperative loan is much easier than getting an insurance claim payment.
With the fear of floods during the monsoon, it seems necessary to take extra precautions to keep the grain stored in the warehouse safe.
Only after getting weather forecast information should you plan when to load which goods.
Farmers suffered a lot of losses this year due to the drought, so less goods have come to the warehouse.
For climate adaptation, we need to make the warehouse even safer.
It is better to keep items that can be damaged by hail inside the warehouse.
To protect potatoes from frost, they should be stored in the warehouse at the right temperature.
Considering the risk of flooding, a strong wall should be built around the warehouse.
Due to the landslide blocking the road to the warehouse, there was a problem transporting goods.
If farmers could get weather information on time, they could save their crops.
New technology should be brought in to reduce the impact of climate change on agriculture.
Due to excessive rainfall this monsoon, there is a possibility of a decrease in rice production.
Production can be increased by using irrigation equipment in dry weather.
Proper fertilizer should be used to keep the grain stored in the warehouse safe.
According to the weather forecast, there is a possibility of rain in the next few days.
Unexpected floods due to climate change have added to the challenge of food security.
Farmers should be taught climate adaptation measures by providing them with agricultural training.
The pre-monsoon windstorms can damage the warehouse roof.
There was a lot of frost this winter, so fruit production is down this year.
Because they didn't get weather info on time, many farmers lost their crops.
The warehouse roof needs to be fixed before the monsoon starts.
Considering the problems farmers are facing because of the drought, the government should provide relief.
Farmers should get the stuff they need to protect crops from hail.
We need to make a long-term plan to reduce the impact of climate change.
It rained a lot this monsoon, so there's a problem with water collecting around the warehouse.
It seems we need to do agricultural work keeping the weather forecast in mind.
We need a collective effort to reduce the impact of climate change on food security.
Farmers should be told about the mobile app that gives weather info.
We need to be extra careful to prevent water from entering the warehouse and causing damage during the monsoon.
Because of the drought, less grain was stored in the warehouse this time.
If farmers had gotten weather warnings on time, they could have avoided a lot of damage.
The government should give subsidies to farmers for climate adaptation.
Hail has caused a lot of damage to vegetable crops, so there's less vegetable supply in the warehouse.
It was extremely cold this winter, so there's a problem with potato storage.
It seems we need to insure the warehouse, considering the risk of floods and landslides.
We need to make a new policy to solve the crisis caused by climate change.
It seems the weather forecasting service needs to be made even more effective.
We should run climate adaptation training for farmers.
The road to the warehouse got damaged by the monsoon floods this year.
The government should plan on time to prevent a food crisis because of the drought.
We should put nets on fruit plants to protect them from hail.
We should make a collective effort to reduce the negative impact of climate change on agriculture.
It is estimated that rice production will increase this year because of a lot of rain during the monsoon.
We should use pesticides to protect the grain stored in the warehouse from insects.
Farmers were able to harvest their crops on time because they got weather forecast information.
Climate change has added to the challenge of food security.
The pre-monsoon storm blew off the tin roof of the warehouse.
There is a possibility that potato production will decrease due to heavy frost in the winter.
The area around the warehouse should be cleaned before the monsoon starts.
When storing wheat in the warehouse, pesticides should be sprayed regularly due to the fear of insects.
It is difficult to get space in the cold store this year because a lot of chilies have been produced.
There is a problem due to the lack of sacks for storing rice.
It is sad to see farmers queuing at the cooperative for fertilizer.
Storing potatoes and onions together in this warehouse can cause them to spoil.
Farmers are not ready to sell maize at the support price fixed by the government.
It is difficult to get a fair price this time because a lot of oranges have been produced.
The incidence of fruit diseases has increased due to weather changes.
This year, we're late planting rice seeds because it didn't rain on time.
When storing beans, you have to be extra careful to prevent mold.
Even though cardamom production is good in this area, there's a lack of market.
We're expecting the demand for vegetables to increase once the cold weather starts.
Wheat production decreased this year, which has added challenges to food security.
When storing lentils in the warehouse, you should put neem leaves to prevent weevils.
There's a need to distribute improved seeds to the farmers.
There's a shortage of space to store rice in this warehouse.
Even though finger millet production increased this year, it's difficult to get a fair price.
A lot of stored ginger got moldy, so we lost a lot.
The farmers have applied for power tillers, now they need to be distributed soon.
Potato production is expected to be good this Rabi season.
When storing fruits, you need to adjust the temperature to prevent them from rotting.
The government should subsidize rice seeds for the farmers.
Even though vegetable production increased this year, there's a problem getting them to market.
When storing lentils in the warehouse, you need to protect them from the cold.
Farmers are disappointed because they're not getting a fair price for the corn they produced.
The lack of space to store rice in this warehouse is causing problems.
Farmers are looking for a cold store to store potatoes.
We're hoping for good rice production this Kharif season.
When storing wheat, you have to use pesticides to prevent insects.
Because of the changing weather, orange production is down this year.
The rice stored in this warehouse has been affected by the cold.
Farmers are late planting crops because they didn't get fertilizer on time.
Even though rice production is good this year, the price has dropped.
Proper management is needed for storing spice crops.
The farmers are happy after receiving power tillers on subsidy.
Even though wheat production has increased this year, there is a storage problem.
The rice stored in the warehouse must be protected from insects.
Even though potato production is good this year, it's hard to get a good price in the market.
Farmers are looking for improved varieties of rice seeds.
The corn stored in this warehouse has been affected by the cold.
When storing fruits, the right temperature must be maintained to prevent rotting.
Farmers are looking for improved seeds for vegetable farming.
This year's post-monsoon is expected to have good rice production.
When storing wheat, pesticides should be used in time to prevent insects.
The farmers have applied to the cooperative for rice seeds.
Even though potato production is good this year, it's hard to get a good price in the market, so it has to be stored in a cold store.
The corn stored in this warehouse has been affected by the cold, making it difficult to sell.
Farmers have started using organic fertilizer for vegetable farming.
This year, it's estimated that wheat production will be good in the Rabi season.
To protect the rice stored in the warehouse from insects, organic pesticides should be used.
We didn't get fertilizer on time for potatoes this year, gotta check with the cooperative if we'll get it for wheat.
Due to water problems during rice planting, many farmers couldn't plant on time.
The soil in this place is very good for growing oranges and other fruits.
The cooperative has a plan to give subsidies to farmers for corn seeds.
There is a lot of potential for cardamom farming in this area, but there is a lack of proper training.
The cooperative will help find a market for farmers to sell the lentils they produce.
Wheat seeds will be distributed on time for winter crops this year.
The cooperative will provide subsidies to farmers on irrigation equipment for irrigation.
Farmers who grow vegetables will be helped to build plastic tunnels.
Young people should be encouraged to adopt a lifestyle based on animal husbandry and agriculture.
Fruits like oranges and lemons are produced well in this area.
The cooperative will provide rice, wheat, and corn seeds to farmers at a cheap price.
This year, corn production decreased a lot due to lack of timely rain.
Cardamom is produced well in this place, it should be increased even more.
There is a lot of demand for ginger produced in this area in the market, but it has not been able to get a fair price.
The government should distribute improved seeds to farmers, such as rice and wheat.
Due to lack of irrigation, many farmers have not been able to grow vegetables.
Due to the decrease in rice production this year, there is a possibility that the price of rice may increase.
Because of lack of fertilizer, farmers couldn't plant wheat on time.
Farmers need to be trained on modern agricultural technology.
There's a possibility of growing fruits like apples and peaches in this place.
The government should make agricultural loans easily available to farmers.
Corn production has decreased due to lack of water, irrigation should be arranged.
Farmers should be informed about seeds and fertilizers.
Kiwi fruit farming can also be good in this area, it should be tested.
The cooperative should inform farmers about agricultural insurance.
Farmers are happy because orange production is good this year.
The cooperative will help farmers build warehouses for storing rice, wheat, and corn.
Potato and onion farming is also good in this place, farmers should be encouraged.
Farmers should be encouraged to use modern irrigation technology.
Farmers are worried because cardamom prices have decreased, a solution should be found.
Farmers have complained because of the delay in wheat seed distribution.
There is also a possibility of growing dragon fruit in this area.
The cooperative is going to distribute vegetable seeds to farmers for free.
Many farmers have been affected due to lack of water during rice planting.
Even though orange production is good this year, there is a problem because there is no market.
Farmers have been advised to use improved varieties of wheat seeds.
The use of solar pumps for irrigation should be encouraged.
To increase cardamom production, we need to use new technology.
This year rice production has increased, but we need to get a fair price.
Farmers should be given training on how to use fertilizer.
There's a good chance that avocado farming could also do well in this place.
The cooperative will provide agricultural tools to farmers for rent.
The cooperative will provide loans to farmers for wheat seeds.
The youths are going abroad, there's no manpower to farm, so who will take this chemical fertilizer subsidy?
We're tired of not getting fertilizer on time, what's the use of taking compost fertilizer training?
Because the government's fertilizer subsidy system is complicated, the youths have migrated away from agriculture.
The soil is ruined by the use of chemical fertilizer, even though we're eager to use organic fertilizer, it's hard to get.
Due to the lack of urea fertilizer, this year's wheat crop will also be ruined, what can the youths expect?
DAP fertilizer is always in short supply, so how to farm without using chemical fertilizer?
I'm tired of searching for potash fertilizer, is this what the government means by encouraging the youths?
Because you have to go through many processes to get fertilizer subsidies, the youths are forced to go abroad.
The crops didn't thrive because the fertilizer wasn't timely, so how can the youths see a future in agriculture?
I regret ruining the soil by using too much fertilizer, how to fix it now?
Trying to increase production by using chemical fertilizer, I'm afraid the soil will become barren, now we should switch to organic fertilizer.
It's difficult to get fertilizer in the village, how to farm by making compost fertilizer in this situation?
I'm tired of standing in line to get subsidized fertilizer, when will I do other work?
The government's chemical fertilizer subsidy doesn't reach the real farmers, only those with access take it.
Because fertilizer wasn't supplied on time, many young people had to leave farming and go abroad.
I heard they give training on making compost fertilizer, but nobody here cares.
I'm tired of searching for alternatives to chemical fertilizer, I'm just gonna go abroad now.
Because of the lack of fertilizer, we couldn't farm well this year either, what encouragement is there for young people?
The price of DAP fertilizer has skyrocketed, how to farm now?
You need a lot of paperwork to get subsidized fertilizer, such complicated rules discourage young people.
The use of chemical fertilizer has reduced the fertility of the soil, how to increase production now?
The wheat crop turned yellow because I couldn't get urea fertilizer, what to do now?
It takes a long time to make compost fertilizer, I had to use chemical fertilizer because I couldn't find fertilizer that produces results quickly.
The staff don't speak nicely when going to get subsidized fertilizer, so how to expect help?
The crop was ruined because I didn't get information about fertilizer on time, who to complain to now?
It was very difficult to get potash fertilizer this year, how will the production be good?
Do you have to suck up to politicians to get fertilizer subsidies, there's always a problem.
I said let's use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer, but fertilizer isn't even available.
This year's crop wasn't good either due to the lack of fertilizer, how to repay the loan now?
Even though I know that the use of chemical fertilizer affects health, I am forced to use it.
The government's delay in fertilizer subsidies has discouraged young people.
There is black marketing of urea fertilizer, why doesn't the government pay attention?
You have to stand in line for hours for DAP fertilizer, when to do other work?
I heard you need a bank account to get fertilizer subsidies, but I don't know how to open one.
Because of lack of fertilizer, this year's harvest wasn't good either, how to feed the family now?
Don't have money to buy stuff to make compost fertilizer, the government should help.
Even though I know using chemical fertilizer affects the environment, I'm forced to use it.
The corruption in the government's fertilizer subsidy has disappointed the youth.
Because of the shortage of urea fertilizer, this year's harvest wasn't good either, how to survive now?
Because the price of DAP fertilizer has increased, it will be very difficult to farm this year.
It's too much hassle to get fertilizer subsidy, so I'm going abroad.
In Terai, it's easier to raise goats than cows, don't have to look for grass so much.
I heard using manure makes corn grow well, but this time I didn't see much difference.
In poultry farming, because of the price of feed, there's not as much income as expected, it's better to raise goats, grass is enough.
Compared to compost manure, chemical fertilizer is available quickly, so many choose it.
When planting rice, due to lack of water, instead of relying on rainwater, it's better to use irrigation equipment.
In beekeeping, you get money immediately by selling honey, but to sell goats, you have to find customers.
Fish farming is much safer than raising pigs, less fear of disease.
I heard that planting improved varieties of wheat yields more, but this time it didn't rain, so it wasn't as expected.
Improved breeds of goats grow faster than local breeds, so many prefer improved breeds.
It's easier to manage grass for goats in the rainy season than in the winter.
Before, it took a long time to plow the field with oxen, now it's quick with a tractor.
It might be easier to raise sheep in the hills, it's difficult in the Terai because of the heat.
Raising buffaloes requires a lot of water, it's not as easy for buffaloes as it is for cows.
You can raise goats with less investment than cows, it's a good option for those with little land.
I think production increases when adopting modern agricultural systems instead of traditional farming.
Since maize cultivation requires less water than rice, it is beneficial to grow maize in this area.
Using organic fertilizer is better for the soil than using chemical fertilizer.
Growing mustard seeds instead of other crops yields a good income by selling the oil.
If you insure your goats, you get relief if there is damage, if you don't, it's your own loss.
It is easier to raise local chickens than broiler chickens, they get sick less often.
There is less risk in goat farming than in cow farming, you can earn money quickly.
It is easier to plant fodder trees at home than to go far to cut grass for goats.
Improved breeds of cows give more milk, but local cows are less susceptible to disease.
Since it didn't rain during the rice planting season, I'm thinking of planting corn instead of rice this time.
The place where you keep pigs should always be clean, otherwise there is a higher chance of getting sick.
Less effort is required in fish farming than in poultry farming.
Before, we had to stand in line for fertilizer, now it is easily available at the cooperative.
Goats should be given medicine regularly, otherwise they will get sick.
In beekeeping, you need someone who knows how to extract honey, otherwise the bees will sting.
I had heard that raising improved breeds of goats would bring a lot of income, but they were plagued by disease.
Goats should be kept in a warm place during the winter, otherwise they will get sick.
Goats need less space than cows, so they can be raised even in a small space.
There is less risk in goat farming than in buffalo farming, you can earn money quickly.
Now we don't have to go far to find fertilizer like before, we can find it in the village.
It's harder to find laborers during rice harvesting than other times.
Investment in fish farming is high, but the income is good too.
Goats grow faster than cows, so you can sell them sooner.
I've seen that there's more income in vegetable farming than other farming.
Goats need to be vaccinated from time to time, otherwise there is a risk of disease.
I had heard that fertilizer use increases production, but this time I didn't see much difference.
Using organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer is good for health.
It used to cost a lot to keep oxen, now tractors have made it easier.
It is easier to grow corn because it requires less water than rice farming.
Beekeeping is easier than other professions, but you need to know about it.
Goats get sick less often than cows, so many people raise goats.
It is better to use compost fertilizer than chemical fertilizer, the soil also doesn't get damaged.
Production has increased because improved varieties of seeds are now available compared to before.
Poultry farming requires less investment than cow farming, but the risk is the same.
Although it is easy to raise goats, it is difficult to manage grass, so it is better to plant fodder trees.
Although it is easy to operate a power tiller, a tractor can plow a large field quickly.
Getting weather information from a mobile app is much faster and more reliable than finding out in the traditional way.
Using drones to spray pesticides is safer and more effective than spraying by hand.
In the current drought, irrigating with a solar pump is a more environmentally friendly option than running a diesel pump.
Farming with improved seeds is better in terms of production than using local seeds.
Tractors cost more to maintain compared to power tillers.
Growing off-season vegetables using greenhouse technology is more profitable than traditional farming in open fields.
Getting agriculture information using a mobile app is easier than listening to agriculture programs on the radio.
Using organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer this year is much better for the soil.
A power tiller takes much less time to plow a field compared to a traditional plow.
A weather forecast app gives rain information faster than the radio.
Using improved seeds during rice planting is better than using regular seeds.
Farmers have started using tractors a lot more now compared to before.
Getting a power tiller on subsidy is much better than buying it with a loan.
It seems we need to increase the use of organic fertilizer compared to chemical fertilizer this year.
Paying for fertilizer with mobile banking is easier than standing in line at the bank.
Even though tractors can do a lot of work, power tillers are useful for small farms.
Spraying medicine to control pests on crops with a drone is faster than spraying by hand.
Farming based on weather information from a mobile app is safer than relying on traditional knowledge.
Using a power tiller to sow wheat seeds this year is faster than plowing with oxen.
A power tiller consumes less fuel than a tractor when plowing a field.
The subsidy the government gives on solar pumps is much more beneficial than buying a diesel pump.
Finding out soil test results from a mobile app is faster than going to the agriculture office.
Growing vegetables in a greenhouse is safer than growing them in the open.
Now young people have started learning to drive tractors, it's easier than raising oxen.
Using solar pumps to irrigate fields is a good way to avoid the high cost of diesel.
Getting info about agriculture loans from a mobile app is easier than going to ask at the bank.
Spraying pesticides with a drone to reduce pesticide use is effective, spraying by hand causes a lot of damage.
Harvesting wheat with a power tiller is easier than harvesting with a sickle.
Using improved seeds for planting rice in the Kharip season is better than using local seeds.
Getting crop insurance information using a mobile app is easier than going to the insurance company office.
Renting a tractor to plow the field turns out cheaper than buying a power tiller.
Knowing when to fertilize after the weather app gives information is more reliable than knowing in the traditional way.
Now many people in the village have also started using tractors, the practice of raising oxen is decreasing.
Although it is easy to plow a small field with a power tiller, a tractor is needed for a large field.
Using water from a drip irrigation system is much more economical than irrigating from a canal.
Knowing the soil fertility from a mobile app is more scientific than estimating in the traditional way.
After installing a solar pump, there is no oil cost like with a diesel pump.
Although drones work faster, power tillers can do more work.
Now farmers know the price of agricultural materials from the mobile app itself, they don't have to go to the market.
Although the use of tractors speeds up work, power tillers are suitable for small farmers.
A lot of damage can be avoided by farming using a weather information app.
It is wiser to use improved seeds to get more production than to use traditional seeds.
Using a solar pump costs much less to irrigate the field than the cost of diesel.
Doing vegetable farming using greenhouse technology is safer than traditional farming.
Spraying pesticides in the field with the help of a drone is more effective than spraying by hand, because it reduces the effect of the poison.
Getting information about government agricultural subsidies from a mobile app is faster than going to the agriculture office to ask.
Taking a loan from a bank to buy a power tiller is easier than taking it from a cooperative.
Even though a tractor can plow a lot of land at once, a power tiller is more useful for hilly areas.
For good production, get a soil test done when planting improved varieties of finger millet seeds.
Due to climate change, rice production may decrease, so plant finger millet as an alternative crop.
Before sowing wheat seeds, get a soil test done to find out the amount of fertilizer needed in the soil.
Before planting potatoes, use improved seeds and also get information about the soil condition.
If you have a problem with waterlogging in your field, plant finger millet instead of rice, it gives good yield.
This year corn production decreased due to lack of timely rain, so now focus on planting finger millet.
Pay attention to the time of planting finger millet seeds, if you plant late, you may not get good production.
Reduce the use of chemical fertilizers and cultivate finger millet using organic fertilizers, it also saves the soil.
Control pests using organic methods without using pesticides, it protects the environment.
Finger millet cultivation requires less water compared to rice, so plant finger millet in places with water scarcity.
Before planting finger millet, get the pH value of your field's soil tested, it helps to increase production.
This year there was a lot of damage due to potato disease, use disease-resistant seeds next season.
To protect finger millet seeds from fungus, treat the seeds before planting.
When cultivating finger millet, adopt alternative measures for irrigation instead of relying on rainwater.
Since cardamom prices have fallen this year, it would be wise to invest in finger millet cultivation.
When planting finger millet, plow the field well with a power tiller.
To increase finger millet production, add compost manure to the soil before sowing the seeds.
Since climate change has affected orange farming, it is better to start finger millet farming now.
When sowing finger millet seeds, plant them in rows, it makes weeding easier.
Manage water properly when farming finger millet, too much water can rot the seeds.
Before planting finger millet seeds, go to the local agriculture office and get information about improved seeds.
After planting finger millet, inspect the field regularly and use pesticides immediately if insects are found.
For good finger millet production, don't forget to weed from time to time.
This year, the rice crop was badly damaged by blast disease, so I'm thinking of farming finger millet.
When planting finger millet seeds, use organic fertilizer to increase the amount of nitrogen in the soil.
When farming finger millet, adopt a crop rotation system with wheat and maize to increase soil fertility.
Dry the finger millet seeds well in the sun before planting, this increases germination capacity.
This year, farmers are disappointed because they are not getting the price for vegetables, so plant grain crops like finger millet.
When farming finger millet, pay attention to weeding to control weeds.
Go to the agriculture office to get information about the grants provided by the government to increase finger millet production.
When planting finger millet, keep the seed spacing even, if it is too dense, production may decrease.
This year, due to the dry season, fruit production has decreased, so pay attention to finger millet farming.
When farming finger millet, maintain the balance of water in the soil, if it is too dry, the seeds cannot germinate.
Before planting finger millet seeds, plow the soil well to soften it.
When farming finger millet, choose seeds according to the local climate.
This year the rice crop got flooded because of too much rain, now make a plan to plant millet.
When sowing millet seeds, only plant them on the surface of the soil, it's hard for them to sprout if it's too deep.
When farming millet, prioritize using organic fertilizer to prevent soil erosion.
Before planting millet seeds, check the seed quality, good quality seeds increase production.
This year wheat production decreased due to lack of chemical fertilizer, so focus on millet farming.
When farming millet, collect rainwater and use it for irrigation.
Before planting millet seeds, get a soil test to find out about the nutrients needed in the soil.
This year the corn crop was destroyed by an insect infestation, now start planting millet.
When farming millet, make proper drainage arrangements to prevent water from accumulating in the field.
Before planting millet seeds, consult with a local agricultural expert.
This year, due to climate change, there is uncertainty in rice production, so plant millet.
When farming millet, use green manure to increase soil fertility.
Before planting millet seeds, make ridges in the field where water accumulates.
This year, farmers had to suffer losses because the price of potatoes decreased, so invest in millet farming.
When farming millet, choose seed varieties according to the demand of the local market.
This year, there is a special grant for farmers who adopt greenhouse technology.
It's very beneficial to farm using a weather forecast app, you know, Dad.
You applied for a solar pump at the cooperative, did you find out what happened?
Spraying medicine from a drone makes it easier to control crop diseases.
It's rice harvesting season now, do you need a power tiller to plant vegetables?
Contact the cooperative for fertilizer, stock has arrived now.
You can see the soil test report from the mobile app, do you know?
It's better to adopt precision farming this year because of less rainfall.
This is a good time to plant improved wheat, bring the seeds immediately.
You can get a subsidy on tractors under the Prime Minister Agriculture Modernization Project.
Using compost fertilizer instead of pesticides increases soil fertility.
I heard that vegetable production can be increased by using hormones, how true is it?
You have to fill out a form for an agriculture loan, should I help?
Prepare to plant potatoes this post-monsoon, seed management is already done.
There is less chance of rain this winter, so arrange for irrigation.
According to the information given in the weather app, it's time to harvest the rice.
What percentage of loan can be obtained from the cooperative when buying a new tractor?
Have you guys taken drone spraying training?
The weather information is shown very accurately in this mobile app.
Where should I do soil testing for precision farming?
A lot of income can be earned by adopting this greenhouse technology.
How much land is needed to install a solar pump?
How many days does it take for the power tiller to arrive after applying?
New technology has come in agriculture, we must go to take training.
We were able to save many crops by getting weather information on time.
We need to increase compost fertilizer production this year.
It's hard to find someone to drive the tractor in the field.
Can I pay for fertilizer with mobile banking?
Are there any new plans related to precision farming?
How much does it cost to build a greenhouse, please let me know.
Who repairs the solar pump?
When is the power tiller operating training?
Spraying medicine on crops using drones saves both time and money.
The weather app said it would rain, so I couldn't dry the rice.
Where should I go to learn about precision farming?
Because of greenhouse technology, we can grow off-season vegetables too.
What percentage of subsidy is there for solar pumps?
Can we get a loan to buy a power tiller or not?
What do I need to do to get a drone license?
This mobile app is very useful for farmers.
I learned a lot after taking the precision farming training.
Which vegetable is good to plant in a greenhouse?
What do I need to apply for a solar pump?
Please teach me how to operate a power tiller.
How effective is it to spray medicine on the field with a drone?
We lost a lot because we didn't get weather updates.
Precision farming helps increase production.
Does the government provide any support for building a greenhouse?
This time the tractor repair cost was too high.
Did you download a weather app on your mobile?
Looks like there will be a lot of rain this rice planting season, it would be easier if I could get drone spraying training.
What are the arrangements for compost fertilizer for making fertilizer, can I get information?
What would it be like to farm using weather information from this new mobile app?
I applied for a solar pump when planting potatoes, but haven't heard anything yet.
In this modern age, what are the benefits of using a power tiller instead of a tractor?
I'm thinking of using a new growth hormone for this winter crop, what do you think?
Is it better to use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer when planting rice?
Is there any subsidy available for greenhouse technology under the Prime Minister Agriculture Modernization Project?
I'm thinking of buying new irrigation equipment this time to water the fields, what do you think?
According to the information shown by the weather app, there is a possibility of timely rain this year.
I am thinking of increasing production this year by using improved seeds and fertilizers.
Should I go to the Agricultural Development Bank to get a loan for a power tiller this year?
Where should I go to get training for drone spraying, please provide information.
Does this mobile app have a feature to view soil test reports?
This time I plan to grow vegetables in the field using compost fertilizer.
Now, to get into modern agriculture, we really need to learn about precision farming.
What kind of fertilizer should we use for planting paddy this season?
Does the government agriculture office give any grants for solar pumps?
It's hard to use the power tiller because the repair costs are so high.
I heard there's a facility to check the soil from a mobile app these days, is that right?
Tell me about a good weather app for getting weather information.
What kind of fertilizer is good to use this year when planting paddy seeds?
Is this new technology of drone spraying service available in the village too?
Please give me information about the government grants for greenhouse technology.
I applied for irrigation equipment at the agriculture office, but haven't heard anything yet.
This mobile app is a bit difficult to use, is there another app that's easier to use?
What kind of support can we get for making compost fertilizer this year?
Where should I go to get training on precision farming?
Should we get a soil test done this year when fertilizing the field?
Do we have to apply to the agriculture office again this year for solar pumps?
The power tiller is broken this time, how much will it cost to fix?
What are the benefits of farming using weather information from a mobile app?
According to the information shown by the weather app, there is less chance of rain now.
I'm thinking of buying new equipment for irrigating the field this time, what do you think?
How easy is it to spray pesticides on crops with drone spraying?
Can we get a bank loan for greenhouse technology or not?
I'm worried the fertilizer shortage this year will decrease production.
What kind of documents are needed for the solar pump subsidy from the government?
Is it better to buy a tractor instead of a power tiller?
How reliable is it to get agriculture information from a mobile app?
What to do if the information shown on the weather app is wrong?
This year I'm thinking of using compost fertilizer and planting vegetables in the field.
Does the government provide any support for precision farming?
After taking drone spraying training, can I start my own business?
What percentage of subsidy can I get for buying irrigation equipment this year?
What kind of place is suitable for greenhouse technology?
Where should I go to get a soil test done to put fertilizer in the field this time?
How much does it cost to install a solar pump this year?
Is it easier to operate a power tiller or a tractor?
Can I see my farm's soil report on the mobile app or not?
In this time after the earthquake, is it better to plant local seeds or improved seeds?
It seems like it's easier to store local seeds compared to hybrid seeds.
Farmers say that even though certified seeds are expensive, they are better quality than local seeds.
The chances of disease in the crop increase if you don't treat the seeds before planting.
I hear that improved seeds grow faster than local seeds.
Using compost fertilizer is better for the soil than using chemical fertilizer.
How true is it that plowing the field with oxen increases soil fertility more than plowing with a tractor?
Using organic pesticides is better for the environment than using chemical pesticides.
Using straw mulch is more beneficial for the soil than using plastic mulch.
There's a higher chance of good yield this season if you plant local seeds instead of improved seeds.
Storing seeds without checking their quality is risky these days.
It's better to plant local seeds than hybrid seeds this year because the monsoon rains are late.
These days, farmers are starting to prefer improved seeds over local seeds.
The quality of seeds decreases if they are not stored properly.
Even though improved seeds are easily available during the planting season, it's hard to find local seeds.
Farmers have experience that local seeds give better yield than hybrid seeds during the rainy season.
Local seeds need less fertilizer compared to improved seeds.
Even though improved seeds are expensive, their yield is higher than local seeds.
You should pay attention when choosing seeds because production increases only if the seed quality is good.
Hybrid seeds are more likely to get diseases compared to local seeds.
Treating seeds before storing them is a good way to keep them safe; if you don't, there's a risk of pests.
Improved seeds need a lot of water, but local seeds give good yield even with less water.
It's more beneficial to plant local seeds than hybrid seeds this year because it hasn't rained on time.
Even though using certified seeds increases production, they are more expensive than local seeds.
Even though the demand for local seeds is low in the market, their taste is better than improved varieties.
When storing seeds, it's better to keep them in a dry place than a cold one.
Using organic pesticides instead of chemical ones improves seed quality.
Local seeds are more environment friendly compared to hybrid seeds.
It's good to treat seeds before planting, otherwise there's a chance of disease.
Local seeds are more suitable for planting after an earthquake than improved seeds.
It's better to increase the use of compost manure this year, instead of chemical fertilizer.
Although using a tractor gets the job done faster, plowing with oxen increases soil fertility.
Although pesticides protect crops, they reduce soil quality.
The demand for local seeds has increased this season because of the low availability of hybrid seeds.
Although local seeds are cheap, their production is lower compared to improved seeds.
There are many things to consider when storing seeds, such as choosing the place and temperature.
Adopting organic methods for seed treatment is better than chemical methods.
Although certified seeds are expensive, they are more reliable than local seeds.
The risk of local seeds disappearing has increased due to the increased demand for hybrid seeds.
I'm confused whether to plant local seeds or improved seeds this year because it didn't rain on time during the monsoon.
Improved seeds need a lot of fertilizer, but local seeds produce well even with less fertilizer.
Storing seeds without testing their quality is like taking a risk.
Local seeds have more disease resistance compared to improved seeds.
Special care should be taken to protect seeds from insects when storing them, otherwise the seed quality will decrease.
The production cycle of local seeds is longer compared to hybrid seeds.
Local seeds sprout easily, but hybrid seeds need special care.
This year, compost fertilizer use is increasing, compared to chemical fertilizer.
Plowing with a tractor is faster, but it damages the soil structure; plowing with oxen is better for the soil structure.
Using pesticides saves the crop immediately, but it affects the soil in the long run; using organic pesticides is best.
Treating seeds before planting reduces the chance of pests; not doing it can cause a lot of damage.
Cooperative marketing reduces middleman activity and benefits farmers.
After the demand decreased in the local market, we're forced to send vegetables to the wholesale market.
Price fluctuations have caused a lot of losses for farmers.
Selling directly is easier for both consumers and farmers.
The concept of cooperative marketing has given great relief to small farmers.
Access to online markets seems to benefit farmers in rural areas as well.
Farmers need to be trained to prepare the necessary documents for export.
This year's winter crop production wasn't as good as expected.
Even though the paddy production was good in the Kharif season, it's hard to get a good price.
The monsoon floods destroyed the crops of many farmers.
Many farmers were in trouble because they couldn't get fertilizer when it was time to plant seeds.
The cooperative provided tractors to farmers on subsidy.
Excessive use of pesticides has reduced the fertility of the soil.
Using growth hormones increases production, but it has negative effects on health.
There is a need to produce according to the demand of the local market.
There's a transportation problem to get goods to the wholesale market.
It would be easier for farmers if they got timely information about price changes.
Farmers are not getting fair prices for their produce because of middlemen.
Cooperatives are helping to sell directly.
Cooperative marketing helps farmers become self-reliant.
Farmers need training for the online market.
There's a lot of hassle to make the necessary documents for export.
We didn't get fertilizer on time to plant rice in the Kharif season.
The monsoon floods washed away the paddy fields.
There was a problem not getting good seeds at planting time.
The cooperative has arranged loans to buy tractors.
There is a need to take training to operate a power tiller.
Soil testing should be done when using growth hormones.
The price of vegetables has dropped a lot in the local market.
The road condition to reach the wholesale market is not good.
Farmers should be informed about price fluctuations.
There are complaints that middlemen are cheating farmers.
Consumers get fresh vegetables when selling directly.
All farmers must unite to make cooperative marketing effective.
There should be mobile banking facility to sell goods in the online market.
When exporting, we need to focus on quality.
You get good price for potatoes in winter.
There's a chance of increased corn production in the Kharif season.
Looks like rice production will be good because of heavy rain during monsoon.
The government should provide subsidies when it's time to plant seeds.
The cooperative has arranged for tractors to be rented out.
It's a problem because the maintenance cost of the power tiller is too high.
Using pesticides has a bad effect on the environment.
Farmers should be informed about the use of growth hormones.
Publicity should be done to increase demand in the local market.
The process of determining prices in the wholesale market should be transparent.
Many say that cooperative marketing has made things easier for farmers.
How do women farmers save seeds without cold storage facilities?
Could you tell me about the ways to store seeds after grading?
Are there any organic pesticides available to protect seeds from storage insects?
In women-led agriculture, how to do food preservation for seeds in the dry season?
Is there a warehouse facility for women farmers to store seeds?
What things should be considered when packaging seeds?
What is the modern way of drying seeds that reduces post-harvest loss?
How available are cold storage facilities for women farmers to preserve seeds?
What are some ways to preserve food to maintain seed quality?
How to reduce post-harvest loss from seed diseases and pests?
What alternatives to cold storage can women farmers use for seed storage?
What things to keep in mind when storing seeds in a warehouse?
What temperature should it be when drying seeds, so that there is no loss?
Should different methods be used for packaging depending on the type of seed?
Where can women farmers find food preservation training?
What technologies can be used to reduce post-harvest loss of seeds?
What is the method of using organic pesticides to control insects in seed storage?
Is there any program to train women in grading and packaging?
What kind of arrangement should there be in the warehouse to preserve the seeds for a long time?
How to dry seeds in the rainy season, when there is no sun?
What precautions should be taken to protect seeds from post-harvest loss?
Where is there cold storage available for women farmers to store seeds?
At what temperature should the seeds be dried to maintain quality?
How to package seeds so that they are not infested by insects?
What programs has the government introduced for food preservation?
How to reduce losses from insects that attack seeds?
How to protect seeds from cold when storing them in a warehouse?
Are there seed drying machines available?
Do we need to write the seed name when packaging?
What kind of training is given to women for food preservation?
What measures can be taken to reduce post-harvest seed loss?
What medicines can be used to control insects in seed storage?
Is there any government body to train women in grading and packaging?
What kind of environment should be in the warehouse to preserve seeds for a long time?
How long should seeds be dried in the sun?
What technologies should be used to protect seeds from post-harvest loss?
How much does it cost for women farmers to use cold storage for seed storage?
At what temperature should seeds be stored to maintain quality?
What materials should be used in seed packaging?
What kind of grants does the government provide to women for food preservation?
What assistance does the agriculture office provide to reduce losses from insects in seeds?
What should be the lighting arrangement when storing seeds in a warehouse?
Where can I find information about modern methods of drying seeds?
Do we need to write the production date of the seed when packaging?
What kind of knowledge is needed for women for food preservation?
How to use mulching to reduce post-harvest seed loss?
How do women farmers control the temperature when storing seeds?
Can we use breathable bags when packaging seeds?
What things we need to consider while doing seed grading, please tell me.
What are the food preservation methods to protect seeds from diseases for women farmers?
This year, due to less rain, the fruit plants dried up, what to do now?
Due to fertilizer shortage, it will be difficult to plant winter crops this year.
It's very difficult to do mixed farming because of the water problem.
This time, due to no rain in the monsoon, carbon storage will be affected.
I have planned to plant fodder trees this year, I am looking for a place.
By planting timber trees, we can help in environment conservation.
The price of fruit plants has skyrocketed in the market, how to buy?
Shade farming is good in this place, but how to manage the water?
It's been very difficult to save the plants because there was no rain in the pre-monsoon.
It was difficult to save the fruit plants because there was no water in winter.
I felt very sad when I didn't get water during the harvesting time.
Due to no rain in the monsoon, the fields will remain barren.
How to plant fodder trees in the absence of water?
I am worried about how to manage water for the fruit plants.
This year, timber trees could not be planted due to lack of water.
I had planned to do shade farming this year, but it was stopped due to the water problem.
I had planned to plant trees for carbon storage, but the lack of water caused problems.
Due to lack of water, fertilizer could not be used this year.
How to manage seeds for winter crops this year, production has decreased due to lack of water.
How to save the fruit plants with the lack of water?
I came to inquire if loan is available to buy a tractor.
This year the production of fodder grass decreased due to less water.
It would have been very beneficial to the environment if we could plant timber trees.
It is difficult to do shade farming with the lack of water.
Trees should be planted to increase carbon storage, but there is no water.
There was a lot of problem this year because it didn't rain in the pre-monsoon.
Fruit plants dried up after it didn't rain in winter.
There was a lot of damage when we didn't get water during the harvest.
We couldn't cultivate because it didn't rain during the monsoon.
We couldn't plant fodder grass due to lack of water.
Water should be managed to save the fruit plants.
It would have been good if we could plant timber trees, but there is a lack of water.
How to arrange water for shade farming?
I was thinking of planting trees for carbon storage, but there is no water.
Water should be managed to use fertilizer.
What to do with good seeds, there is no water.
It would have been much easier for the animals if we could plant fodder grass.
The plan to plant timber trees was not successful.
Will I get some income from shade farming?
Many people don't know about carbon sequestration.
The fields dried up because it didn't rain pre-monsoon.
The crops didn't thrive because it didn't rain in the winter.
It was very difficult not getting water when harvesting the crops.
There was a drought because it didn't rain during the monsoon.
Where can I find fodder tree seeds?
What kind of fertilizer do fruit plants need?
What are the benefits of planting timber trees?
How do you do shade farming?
Does the government provide any support for carbon sequestration?
All the plans for this year were ruined due to lack of water.
As a veterinarian, I think land reform programs should be implemented in practice, not just in speeches, to keep young people in agriculture.
Instead of increasing the use of compost fertilizer this year, the government is misleading farmers by increasing subsidies for chemical fertilizers.
It seems the government prioritizes building smooth roads in the city over investing in agricultural infrastructure.
In the past, there was a lot of talk about crop insurance, but farmers had to go through a lot of hassle when it came to getting compensation.
Due to the non-transparent distribution system of subsidies for power tillers to farmers, only those with access are benefiting.
There used to be a lot of manpower working in agriculture, but now it is difficult to find people to work as young people migrate abroad.
Instead of encouraging the reduction of pesticide use, we are making its import even easier.
Instead of increasing the storage capacity of agricultural products at the local level, the government has only prioritized import-export policies.
The thing about providing subsidized loans to farmers is only limited to paper, in reality, banks turn them away showing various excuses.
Instead of making agricultural extension services effective, the government is only focused on training the employees.
Farmers used to get a lot of help from the Agriculture Knowledge Center, but now it's difficult to get that service.
Instead of increasing irrigation facilities in the fields, the government is investing in drinking water projects in big cities.
The government used to pay attention to bringing new technology into agriculture, but now such programs are hardly seen.
This year there was a shortage of fertilizer during rice planting, so the production was not as expected, it would have been good if the government had provided fertilizer on time.
Previously, the agriculture office used to come to the village and test the soil, but now you have to go to the district headquarters to get that facility.
The current government has made the grants in other sectors more than the grants in agriculture.
Instead of encouraging mechanization in agriculture, we are forcing farmers to use traditional tools.
Farmers used to get agricultural loans easily, but now banks are asking for a lot of documents.
This time, instead of giving subsidies to farmers on seeds, the government has only given it on chemical fertilizers.
The government did well by bringing the agricultural insurance program, but many farmers don't even know about it.
Agricultural extension services don't reach door to door like before, farmers are forced to go to the office themselves.
Previously, emphasis was given to the conservation of local seeds, but now only improved varieties of seeds are promoted.
Instead of encouraging young people to get involved in agriculture, we are forcing them to go abroad.
Instead of encouraging farmers to buy agricultural tools, the government has increased taxes.
Instead of increasing investment in the agricultural sector, the government has increased it in other sectors, so young people are not attracted to agriculture.
Previously, there were many agricultural training centers in the villages, but now those centers are closing down.
Instead of increasing agricultural production, we are encouraging imports, which is not good for farmers.
Instead of prioritizing the agricultural sector, the government has prioritized other sectors.
Before, the use of new technology in agriculture was increasing, but now it's decreasing.
The government talks a lot about land reform, but the implementation seems weak.
The process for agriculture insurance is complicated, so farmers are having trouble; it should be easier.
Before, people working in agriculture were respected in society, but now they are looked down upon.
The government is focusing on investing in other sectors instead of agricultural infrastructure.
Before, there used to be new research in agriculture, but now it's decreasing.
The government said they'd give cheap agricultural loans, but the process is so complicated that farmers don't get them.
Many farmers suffered because they couldn't get fertilizer when planting crops; it would have been good if the government had provided fertilizer on time.
It's hard to find people to work in agriculture now; before, you could find many.
Before, the agriculture office used to help farmers a lot, but now it's hard to get that kind of help.
The use of pesticides has increased now, but it wasn't like this before.
The government is focusing on other things instead of marketing agricultural products.
Before, young people were interested in working in agriculture, but now they want to go abroad.
The subsidies the government gives to agriculture are not enough; they should be increased.
Before, farmers could easily get agricultural loans, but now they ask for various documents.
Many farmers don't know about agricultural insurance now; before, many people knew.
Before, agricultural extension services used to reach every village, but now it's limited to the district headquarters.
The conservation of local seeds is decreasing now; before, a lot was conserved.
Before, people working in agriculture were happy, but now they are disappointed.
The workforce in agriculture is decreasing now; before, there were many.
Instead of investing in agriculture, the government is increasing investment in other sectors.
Before, agriculture training centers were active, but now they are inactive.
After the flood destroyed the paddy, farmers are now wandering around the local market looking for wheat seeds.
Even the chili plants don't look good this year, maybe it's because of the lack of fertilizer!
The price of vegetables has skyrocketed in the local market, probably because the flood swept away many fields.
As a veterinarian, I advise farmers to use compost fertilizer in the fields after the flood.
Due to climate change, corn production has decreased a lot this year, farmers are worried.
I heard the government would subsidize rice seeds for farmers after the flood damage, is it available here?
It seems that irrigation arrangements need to be made on time for planting wheat this Rabi season.
Farmers are disappointed because the price of oranges and other fruits has increased in the market.
I suggest soil testing before planting wheat in the fields filled with silt from the flood.
Doctor, after the flood swept away the field, the plan to plant lentil beans also failed.
Cardamom production has decreased this year, and the price in the market is not that good either.
Farmers found in the local market have not been able to sell paddy at the support price set by the government.
It seems that farmers need to be helped with lentil seeds immediately after the flood swept away the fields.
Due to the lack of irrigation equipment, farmers have not been able to plant winter crops.
What kind of fertilizer should be used to replant paddy in the field damaged by the flood?
In the current situation, it is necessary to provide farmers with improved varieties of corn seeds.
Farmers have planned to cultivate mustard instead of wheat in the fields swept away by the flood.
Due to the lack of chemical fertilizers in the local market, farmers have started using compost fertilizer.
This year, I'm worried rice price will go up since paddy production is low.
Farmers are replanting cauliflower after the flood damage, let's see how it goes.
I've been looking for potato seeds, but it's hard to even find them in the market.
After the flood washed away the fields, the government announced some relief money for the farmers.
Doctor, how do we remove the sand that the flood brought to the field?
Ginger price is good in the local market this year, the farmers are happy.
After the flood washed away the paddy seedlings, the farmers are replanting new ones.
Looks like farmers need information about modern technology and irrigation for wheat farming.
Because fruit prices have increased in the market, farmers are starting to show interest in fruit farming.
Hoping for good millet production this year, the weather is cooperating.
Looks like farmers need training on how to prepare the soil for wheat farming in the fields damaged by the flood.
Even though vegetable production is good this year, farmers are disappointed because they're not getting good prices in the market.
Farmers should be encouraged to use improved varieties of paddy seeds, production will increase.
After the flood washed away the fields, the farmers are planning to grow mushrooms for the time being.
Looks like the government should subsidize irrigation equipment needed for paddy farming for the farmers.
There is a possibility of decreased corn production this year due to the drought.
Looks like farmers should be provided with subsidized loans to purchase wheat seeds.
After the flood washed away the fields, the farmers are in dilemma whether to replant paddy or plant other crops.
Mustard oil price has skyrocketed in the local market this year.
Looks like farmers need training on making compost fertilizer, the use of chemical fertilizer can be reduced.
Looks like the government should set a support price for rice for farmers, the middlemen cheat them.
I'm worried about how to make the soil fertile again to plant rice in the field damaged by the flood.
This year the demand for buckwheat has increased in the local market, it is considered good for health.
Farmers should be informed about the insurance plan for wheat farming.
Looks like the government should subsidize fertilizers needed for rice cultivation for the farmers.
This year the price of potatoes has decreased in the local market, farmers have suffered losses.
Farmers should know what kind of soil is needed to plant rice again in the field damaged by the flood.
This year the demand for beans has increased in the local market, it is produced a lot in the villages.
Looks like farmers should be taught to use modern equipment for wheat farming.
Looks like the government should encourage farmers to increase rice production.
This year the price of onions has skyrocketed in the local market, maybe because imports from India have decreased.
How possible is it to do shade farming by planting fruit plants in this hilly area?
How can fertilizer management be done when adopting a mixed farming system?
What kind of plan should be made to plant timber trees since the land is fragmented?
Which variety of grass plant is good to plant to increase carbon reserves?
How to use irrigation equipment due to lack of water during rice planting?
Which variety of seed would be good to use in this year's Kharif season?
What should be done to run a power tiller since there is no electricity in this place?
How can soil fertility be increased when doing shade farming?
What kind of soil is needed to plant Napier grass and how to manage fertilizer?
How to make organic pesticide to protect fruit trees from insects?
What's the method to make compost fertilizer and how to use it in the field?
What kind of effect does climate change have on crops, and how to reduce it?
The water source is drying up, so what new technology can be adopted for irrigation?
What kind of seed is suitable to plant for potato farming in this place?
There is no place to store grains, so how to keep the grains safe?
Where should I go to test the soil during planting season?
There is a problem of water accumulation in the field, how to solve it?
What if I plant fruit plants instead of keeping the land barren?
What type of compost fertilizer is useful in this hilly area?
Does the government provide any grants for planting Napier grass seedlings?
Since the land is very fragmented, can modern agricultural equipment be used or not?
What kind of fertilizer is needed for apple farming in this place?
Hailstorm damaged the crops, what to do now?
Where to get paddy seeds from this year?
What kind of soil is needed to cultivate timur in this place?
Due to lack of water, it is late to plant paddy this year, what to do now?
What type of power tiller is suitable in this place?
Has the government introduced any plans for agricultural insurance?
How much wheat seed should be planted in the field this year?
What kind of fruit plants can be planted in this place?
What effect does shade farming have on soil fertility?
What measures should be taken to protect fruit plants from disease?
How can soil erosion be prevented when planting fodder grass?
What kind of compost fertilizer can be made in this place?
How can collective farming be done since the land is fragmented?
How many sacks of fertilizer are needed in the field this year?
Which technology is suitable to adopt for irrigation in this place?
Where can crop seeds be found this year?
What kind of soil is suitable for planting fruit plants?
Where can fodder grass seedlings be found?
How much does potato seed cost this year?
What kind of fruit plants are suitable to plant in this place?
Which crop is suitable to plant when doing shade farming?
What kind of pit should be dug for planting fruit plants?
How much distance should be kept when planting fodder grass seedlings?
How long does it take to make compost fertilizer?
How much water is needed in the field this year?
What kind of irrigation equipment can be used in this place?
How much paddy seed will be produced this year, do you think?
What kind of training is needed to farm timur in this place?
This year the monsoon had a lot of rain, but last year we suffered a lot from the drought.
This year the hailstorm destroyed more crops than in previous years.
I don't feel like farming in the village like before, it's easier to do wage labor in the city.
If we had known the weather forecast on time, we could have saved the potatoes, but the information came late.
It is much better to strengthen the soil by using fertilizer than to use chemical fertilizer.
To protect wheat cultivation in winter, fertile soil is needed, production is low in dry soil.
This year the flood has submerged more fields than other years, I don't know how to make a living.
It was as easy to plant rice before, but now it is just as difficult due to lack of water.
The risk of landslides has increased in the mountains, it is scarier to live here than in the Terai.
This year, blight disease in potatoes caused a lot of damage, it was not like this last year.
Due to climate change, it has become even more difficult to cultivate rice than before.
It is much more difficult to reach the agricultural office during the rainy season than at other times.
The programs brought by the government for climate adaptation should be more effective in villages than in cities.
I didn't earn as much as I used to when planting rice, so I am forced to send my children to the city.
After the youth went abroad, it is difficult to find people to work in the village, it was not like this before.
This year, corn production has decreased due to lack of timely rain, it was good last year.
We used to work together in the village, now we have to do it alone.
Nowadays, we should only work after looking at the weather forecast, we should not rely on superstitions like before.
It is easier to make compost fertilizer than to grow other crops, but the profit is less.
Because the drought dried up the crops, I was forced to send my son abroad. I never thought I'd do that.
The risk of floods is higher in the Terai than in the hills, so we need to be careful.
It used to be fun planting rice, but now I have to do everything alone.
This year, the hailstorm destroyed a lot of vegetables. Last year, there wasn't this much damage.
After the youth went to the city, it's hard to find people to do farm work in the village. We didn't have this problem before.
Because of climate change, the timing of the rain has changed. It used to rain on time.
It was more fun working in the fields before, but it's not as fun now because the youth have started going abroad.
Compared to other years, the rice seeds are good this year, but it's hard to get fertilizer.
The weather forecasting system needs to be more effective. You can't rely on it like it is now.
This monsoon is very different from last year. Sometimes it rains, sometimes it's sunny.
There used to be a lot of unity in the village, but now it's disappearing. Everyone is busy with their own work.
The government's plans for farmers should be more focused on villages than cities.
This year, the frost damaged a lot of potatoes. That didn't happen last year.
There used to be peace in the village, but now there isn't. Crime incidents are increasing.
The grant the government gives for climate adaptation is not enough. We used to get more help.
I was late planting rice this year. I planted it on time last year.
There used to be a lot of help in the village, but now there isn't. Everyone is busy with their own work.
This year, there's been an increase in pests. Even pesticides didn't work. It wasn't like this before.
It's harder to farm now than before because of the changing weather.
There used to be a lot of people in the village, but now there aren't. Many have gone to the city.
This year's flood swept away the field, it wasn't like this last year.
We don't earn as much from rice farming now as we used to.
Even getting weather forecasts now isn't that helpful, because the weather keeps changing.
This year's drought reduced rice production, last year was good.
It wasn't as fun in the village before as it is now, everyone has gone to the city.
This year's hailstorm destroyed the wheat crop, it wasn't like this last year.
It wasn't as peaceful in the village before as it is now, everyone fights.
Potato production has decreased this year, last year was good.
There wasn't as much cooperation in the village before as it is now, everyone is busy with their own work.
The flood washed away the fertilizer, I wonder when we'll get urea fertilizer?
It was very difficult to make compost fertilizer this year, the water ruined everything.
They say using organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer is good for the soil, is that true?
Where is the place to fill out the form for fertilizer subsidy?
How much DAP fertilizer should be applied when planting potatoes?
Is potash fertilizer also needed when planting wheat in this field?
The production decreased because the timing of fertilizer application was off when planting rice.
I heard that using too much fertilizer ruins the soil!
Now it seems like we have to use bio-fertilizer, chemical fertilizer didn't work.
Due to the lack of fertilizer, we couldn't grow vegetables this year.
Do we need to register our name at the cooperative for fertilizer or what?
How's the fertilizer situation for this winter crop?
It's so hard to get chemical fertilizer, I'm tired of standing in line.
If fertilizer isn't used at the right time, it affects production.
Where to get cow dung to make compost fertilizer?
Did the price of fertilizer increase this year or what? It feels a bit expensive.
If I had taken fertilizer making training, it would be useful now.
What can be used as an alternative to chemical fertilizer?
How long will the government subsidy on fertilizer be available?
Do we need to do a soil test when using fertilizer?
We suffered a lot not getting fertilizer during the rice planting season.
Do I need to submit an application to the ward office for fertilizer?
This year I'm thinking of using organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
We shouldn't spoil the soil by putting too much fertilizer in the field.
How much fertilizer should be applied before sowing wheat seeds?
Do I need citizenship to buy fertilizer?
Is it good to use a mixture of DAP fertilizer and urea fertilizer?
What things are needed to make compost fertilizer?
How many sacks of fertilizer are needed to plant potatoes in this field?
How is the government's fertilizer subsidy system?
What effect does the use of chemical fertilizers have on the environment?
When is the agriculture technician coming to give information about fertilizer?
Does using fertilizer increase or decrease the fertility of the soil?
This time's rain filled the compost fertilizer pit.
Due to the lack of fertilizer, this year's rice production will decrease.
Should there be moisture in the soil when applying fertilizer or not?
What things should be taken care of for safety when using fertilizer?
There was a lot of fertilizer black market this year, they say!
Can you teach me how to make organic fertilizer?
Should I contact the agriculture office for fertilizer?
Which fertilizer would be good to use in this field?
Does the type of fertilizer used differ according to the type of soil?
I wish I could get training on how to manage fertilizer.
Why has the price of fertilizer increased this time?
An agricultural expert should be called to give information about fertilizer.
What effect does the use of chemical fertilizer have on human health?
What materials are needed to make compost fertilizer, please tell me.
Due to the lack of fertilizer, vegetable farming could not be done this year.
What kind of changes occur in the soil structure when using fertilizer?
If the canal water doesn't come on time, the women-run farm may have problems, get information on time.
If there is a problem with the drip irrigation pipeline, if it is not repaired immediately, the lack of water can reduce production.
If the sprinkler irrigation system breaks down, the crops are in danger of drying out, fix it on time.
If you drain the underground water too much, there will be a severe water shortage in the future.
It is good to build a pond to collect rainwater to prevent water scarcity.
If water is not given according to the irrigation schedule, the vegetables planted in the female farmer's field may dry up.
Due to lack of water, I am worried that we may not be able to plant rice on time this year.
If attention is not paid to irrigation maintenance, female farmers may have to suffer huge losses.
If there is a water shortage in the Kharif season, rice production will be greatly affected.
Due to lack of water during planting, there is a possibility of seeds dying.
The risk of wheat drying out in the Rabi season due to lack of water has increased.
There can be a lot of damage if there is a water shortage during harvesting.
If there is not enough water when using fertilizer, it can have a negative effect on the crop.
It is not enough to plant good seeds, the plants die if they do not get water on time.
The irrigation tools are broken and lying around, what to do in the absence of water?
If the amount of water is low when using growth hormones, the crop can be damaged.
It seems that female farmers will have problems due to the lack of canal irrigation.
If the drip irrigation system is not installed properly, water will be wasted.
This system is meaningless if there is not enough water for sprinkler irrigation.
Excessive extraction of underground water can cause a water crisis in the future.
Not collecting rainwater can cause many problems during drought.
If water is given without making an irrigation schedule, the plant may not get enough water.
Due to lack of water, women farmers' fields are likely to remain barren.
If irrigation repairs are not done on time, the crops can dry up due to lack of water in the field.
During the monsoon season, farmers may have to rely on rainwater due to water scarcity.
If there is a water shortage during the planting season, there could be famine.
If there is a water shortage during the winter season, grain production may decrease.
If there is a water shortage during harvest time, the crop may rot in the field.
If water is not applied immediately after applying fertilizer, the crop is likely to die.
If there is not enough moisture in the soil before sowing seeds, it is difficult for the seeds to germinate.
Use irrigation equipment with caution, otherwise accidents may occur.
If there is not enough water when using growth hormones, it will affect the plant.
If there is no pipeline to bring canal water to the field, the water will be wasted.
If the water pressure is low in the drip irrigation system, it may not work well.
If a filter is not used in the sprinkler irrigation system, the pipe may get clogged.
If the pump for extracting groundwater breaks down and is not repaired immediately, the field will dry up.
If the rainwater harvesting tank is not cleaned, the water may become contaminated.
If the soil type is not considered when creating an irrigation schedule, water management may be disrupted.
Due to lack of water, women farmers may not be able to repay their loans.
If a budget is not allocated for irrigation repairs, a big problem may arise in the future.
During the monsoon season, farmers may commit suicide due to water scarcity.
If there is a water shortage during the planting season, there could be a famine.
If there's water shortage in the Rabi season, there might be a problem with fodder for the livestock.
If there's water shortage during harvest time, there might be problem storing the crops.
If you buy and use low-quality fertilizer, it will affect the crops.
If you don't buy good quality seeds and plant them, the production might not be good.
If you use irrigation equipment without training, there might be an accident.
If you use growth hormones without measuring the quantity, it can affect the crops.
If there is inequality in canal water distribution, there might be fights.
If farmers don't get subsidies for drip irrigation, they might get frustrated.
The pain of not being able to plant rice this year due to the monsoon floods is greater than last year's drought.
The situation of having to leave the fields barren now because of not getting fertilizer in the village is more terrible than when fertilizer was available on time.
The damage to the corn crop this year by the hail is much greater than last year.
Landslides are increasing in the hills these days, which is more frightening than before.
This winter, the potato crop was affected by late blight and production decreased, causing more losses compared to last year.
If it had rained as shown in the weather forecast, it would have been easier to plant rice, but now the situation of just looking at the sky is more difficult than before.
Due to climate change, the timing of rainfall has become irregular; it's not as easy to farm now as it was when it rained on time.
Even though the government has introduced climate adaptation programs, they are not as effective in the village as they are in the city.
Due to not getting information on time in the village, the benefits of the flood early warning system are not as great for us as they are in the city.
This year, because it didn't rain during rice planting season and the fields are dry, there is concern that production will decrease compared to last year.
The pain of the rain damaging the rice crop during harvest is much greater than the happiness of being able to harvest on time.
The compulsion of relying on rain water due to the lack of irrigation facilities in the village is not as easy as having irrigation facilities in the city.
The government talks about giving subsidies in agriculture, but we don't get as much as the farmers in the city do.
The sorrow of having less manpower to farm in the village after the youth go abroad is more than when the youth were in the village.
The pain of crops drying up due to drought is no less than when floods wash them away.
The frustration of hail destroying vegetables is more than when snow covers the crops.
The income from farming in the village is less than from working as a laborer in the city.
This year, the risk of landslides has increased due to heavy rainfall during the monsoon, which is more frightening than before.
It was easier to grow rice in the village before, but it's not the same now due to climate change.
The pain of the wind blowing down corn in the village is no less than hail destroying vegetables.
This time, I'm more worried about the lack of rain during the winter crop planting season than I was last year.
The impact of climate change on agriculture is more visible in the village than in the city.
The risk of landslides is higher in the village than in the city.
The pain of crops drying up due to drought is no less than not getting fertilizer.
This year, potato production decreased due to late blight, resulting in more losses compared to last year.
The compulsion to rely on rainwater due to lack of irrigation facilities is not as easy as having irrigation facilities in the city.
Seeing the cracks in the field due to this year's drought is more frightening than last year.
The pain of wheat drying up due to lack of rain in winter is the same as that of summer rice.
The frustration of hail destroying vegetables is more than when snow covers the crops.
Store seeds properly before the monsoon starts, otherwise they may lose their germination power.
Plant improved varieties of rice seeds in flood-prone areas and reduce damage.
Considering the possibility of drought, plant crops that require less water.
Make sure to give farmers weather forecasts on time, it makes planning easier.
Because of climate change, new diseases might show up, so be careful.
Farm as little as possible in places with landslide risk, life is more important.
In winter, cover the plants with plastic to protect them from frost.
To avoid too much or too little rain, plant seeds in places where water doesn't collect.
Consult with agriculture experts to get information about seeds.
When there's a storm coming, give the plants strong support to protect them.
Use netting to protect crops from hail, it gives some relief.
Regularly check the seed storage during the rainy season, don't let water leak in.
Give priority to local seeds for climate adaptation.
When selling seeds, don't forget to give farmers information according to the season.
Before planting seeds, be sure to use compost fertilizer to increase soil fertility.
If you see any problems with the seeds, immediately inform the agriculture office.
Before sowing wheat seeds in the winter season, check the moisture level in the soil.
Arrange for farmers to receive weather forecast information on their mobiles via SMS.
Store seeds at the right temperature to maintain their quality.
If there's a chance of fields flooding during the rainy season, keep rice seedlings ready.
Climate change can affect seed production, so adopt new technologies.
If there is a drought, be prepared for immediate irrigation.
Before buying seeds, check their production date and quality.
Before planting rice in monsoon, mix the necessary amount of fertilizer in the soil.
Before planting potatoes in winter, plow the soil well.
Provide farmers with training on climate-smart agricultural techniques.
Arrange for pest control in the warehouse to protect the seeds.
If it doesn't rain on time, look for alternative irrigation methods.
Help farmers choose seeds according to the local climate.
Arrange a toll-free number to provide information about seeds.
Empower farmers to cope with the problems caused by climate change.
Arrange proper drainage to prevent water fromlogging in the field during the rainy season.
Take care of the weather when transporting seeds, if it gets wet, the germination power decreases.
Advise on how to manage fodder for livestock during drought.
Keep the necessary documents ready for subsidy when buying seeds.
Store seeds in a high place to protect them from flooding during the monsoon.
Teach how to make plastic tunnels to protect seeds from the cold in winter.
Move seeds to a safe place to protect them from landslides during the rainy season.
Encourage participation in crop insurance schemes to reduce hail damage.
Put up windbreaks around the seeds to protect them from storms.
Use organic pesticides to protect seeds from pests during the monsoon season.
To protect seeds in drought, water regularly in small amounts.
To protect seeds from frost in winter, uncover them only after the sun comes out in the morning.
Cow milk can be safely stored in this cold storage.
If we can develop a good breed of buffalo, production will increase.
Improved varieties of grass are needed for goat farming.
In poultry farming, attention should be paid to the quality of feed.
There is a possibility of earning good income from beekeeping.
Proper temperature management should be done for fish farming.
Special attention should be paid to cleanliness in pig farming.
High altitude areas are suitable for sheep farming.
Yak farming is an integral part of the lifestyle of the Himalayan region.
Farmers are having problems due to the increase in the price of animal feed.
Cattle should be given special care in winter.
There may be a shortage of fodder for livestock in the Rabi season.
Sufficient grazing land is required for animals during the Kharif season.
The risk of animal diseases increases in the pre-monsoon season.
The seeds used to feed the cow should be of good quality.
The use of pesticides can affect livestock.
The use of tractors helps in the production of animal feed.
Power tillers make it easy to cut grass for animal feed.
Land fragmentation creates problems in animal husbandry.
Cow dung can be used as fertilizer.
Livestock insurance plan gives relief to farmers.
Livestock insurance period is about to expire, so it should be renewed.
Compensation can be received if there is livestock loss.
The price of medicine needed for livestock has increased.
Livestock health check-up should be done regularly.
Livestock vaccination program should be made effective.
Clean water should be arranged for livestock.
Nutritious food is needed for livestock.
Livestock breed improvement program should be conducted.
New technology should be adopted to increase livestock production.
Milk production is high when raising improved breed cows.
Grass seeds needed for goats should be distributed.
Chicken chick distribution program should be made effective.
The government should provide grants for beehives.
Farmers should be trained for fish fry.
The price of feed needed for pigs should be reduced.
Good income can be earned from sheep wool.
Ghee can be made from yak's milk.
The government should help with animal feed.
Information about diseases affecting cows should be provided.
You can make yogurt from buffalo milk.
Goat manure is useful for farms.
You can earn income by selling chicken eggs.
Bee honey is good for health.
Good profit can be made from selling fish.
The demand for pork is increasing.
Mutton is nutritious.
Churpi can be made from yak milk.
The production of animal feed should be increased.
Fragmentation of land negatively affects the livestock business.
Although chemical pesticide use immediately controls insects, biological control methods are much safer for the environment.
Weed control in the Kharif season is more challenging compared to the Rabi season.
Plowing the field is much faster and easier with a modern tractor compared to a traditional plow.
Irrigation equipment can be used to conserve water, but farming relying on rainwater is very risky.
Treating fungal diseases in crops is more complex than treating bacterial diseases.
Using growth hormones helps increase production, but using organic fertilizer instead is best for the soil.
Adopting integrated pest management methods instead of using pesticides safely is beneficial for both the environment and health.
It is better to weed by hand than to use pesticides for weed control when planting rice.
Integrated pest management methods cost less, but the use of pesticides shows immediate benefits in comparison.
Pesticides kill insects immediately, but using organic pesticides is more environmentally friendly in comparison.
After taking pesticide safety training, using pesticides is much safer than before.
Treating viral diseases in rice fields is harder than treating fungal diseases.
Using organic pesticides to control pests in the field is better than using chemical pesticides.
Spraying pesticides to control weeds in the field is easier than weeding, but it is harmful to health.
In traditional farming systems, the use of chemical pesticides was low, but now the use of pesticides has increased a lot.
A lot of weeds grow in the field during the rainy season, so more attention should be paid to weed control compared to other seasons.
Using biological control methods instead of using pesticides to kill insects is beneficial for both the environment and human health.
In the past, a lot of pesticides were used, but now that the concept of integrated pest management has come, the use of pesticides has decreased.
Using pesticides with pesticide safety measures is much safer than using them without precautions.
Using a tractor makes plowing the field faster, but plowing with oxen helps to maintain soil fertility.
Using modern equipment for irrigation is more effective than using traditional canals.
The use of chemical fertilizers immediately increases production, but the use of organic fertilizers improves the long-term health of the soil.
Pesticides can control insects immediately, but their long-term effects are even more dangerous.
Controlling insects with organic methods is safer for the environment than using pesticides.
Integrated pest management protects the environment, but pesticides affect the environment.
Before, we didn't know about pesticides, now there is a lot of information about pesticide safety.
Controlling weeds during planting is more important than doing it during harvesting.
Controlling insects with organic methods instead of using pesticides is environmentally friendly.
Running an integrated pest management program is more effective than using pesticides.
Pesticides kill insects, but they reduce soil fertility, while organic pesticides benefit the soil.
Using organic fertilizer is much better for the soil than using pesticides.
Even though pesticides control insects immediately, they have a negative impact on human health.
Controlling insects with organic methods is safer and more effective than using pesticides.
Plowing the field with a tractor is faster, but plowing with oxen is beneficial for the soil.
Using irrigation equipment makes good use of water, but traditional methods waste a lot of water.
Using organic fertilizer is best for the soil than using chemical fertilizer.
Even though pesticides control insects, they increase pollution in the environment.
When storing forage seeds in the seed bank, be careful, if they are too old, their germination ability may be reduced.
If seeds are not properly protected in winter, they may be damaged by the cold and unable to germinate.
If necessary precautions are not taken for safety while operating a power tiller, accidents can happen.
If fruit plants are not adequately watered and fertilized in winter, they can be damaged by drought.
If safety precautions are not taken when storing pesticides in the seed bank, it can have serious health effects.
If compost fertilizer is not fully decomposed, it can have a negative effect on the plants.
Employees working in the seed bank may have respiratory problems if they work in the dust without wearing protective masks.
If fertilizer is used in mixed farming without knowing how much fertilizer each crop needs, it can affect the fertility of the soil.
If seeds are stored without drying them properly during the rainy season, there is a possibility of mold growth.
If you are late in the seedling planting season, you may not get a good yield.
If there is a problem with the electrical line in the cold storage, there may be a risk of fire.
If forage grass is planted without testing the soil, the plants may not grow well.
Storing more seeds than capacity in cold storage increases the risk of spoilage.
If you don't keep the right distance when planting fruit plants, the production might go down because of lack of light and air.
If you don't take the necessary precautions when using pesticides to control insects, it can negatively affect the environment.
If you don't keep the seed bank records organized, there might be problems with seed availability.
If you plant fruit plants in acidic soil and don't use lime, the plants might not grow well.
If you don't take enough safety measures to prevent fire in the seed bank, there could be a big loss.
If you don't weed the forage plants on time, weeds can cover them and the plants might die.
If you don't choose the right place when planting timber trees, it can affect livestock in the future.
If you don't clean the cold storage regularly, insects can infest and damage the seeds.
If the seed bank building is weak, it can collapse during the rainy season and the seeds can be damaged.
If you don't use safety equipment when repairing the power tiller, you might get injured.
If fruit plants get sick and you don't treat them on time, it can spread to the whole orchard.
If you mix harmful things when making compost fertilizer, it can negatively affect the soil.
If you don't give regular training to the seed bank staff, they might not be able to manage the seeds properly.
If you're not careful when choosing crops in a mixed farming system, production might decrease.
If the temperature of the seed storage isn't right, the quality of the seeds can go down.
If you don't consider the soil condition when sowing forage seeds, the seeds might not sprout.
If you don't check the seeds stored in the cold storage from time to time, insects can infest them.
If you don't take safety precautions when cutting timber trees, there's a risk of losing your life.
If fruit plants lack the necessary nutrients, their ability to bear fruit might decrease.
If you use pesticides without measuring the amount properly to control insects, it can negatively affect the crop.
If you choose a waterlogged place for the seed bank land, it can be a problem to store the seeds.
If you plant fruit plants in acidic soil without testing the soil, the plants may not grow well.
If the cooling equipment in the seed bank breaks down, the seeds can rot.
If you don't water and fertilize the Napier grass seedlings on time, they can dry out and die.
If timber trees don't get enough light, they can't grow well.
If you use too much chemical fertilizer on fruit plants, the soil fertility can decrease.
If you mix plastic items while making compost fertilizer, the soil can get polluted.
If you put employees to work in the seed bank without safety equipment, accidents can happen.
If you plant crops that need the same nutrients in mixed farming, it affects the soil fertility.
If you don't label the seeds when storing them in the seed bank, it's hard to identify which seed it is.
If you dry Napier grass seeds in the sun at a high temperature, the seed quality can decrease.
If timber trees are not cut on time, they can fall in storms and cause loss of life and property.
If fruit plants lack water, there may be a problem of fruit dropping.
If you don't use organic methods when using pesticides to control insects, it can negatively affect the environment.
If the seed bank's accounting is not done on time, there may be errors in the accounts.
If Napier grass seeds are stored in a cold place, their germination capacity may decrease.
Does the government give any subsidies to insure the crops planted in this greenhouse?
Will the government provide any credit facilities to grow vegetables again in this polytunnel damaged by the flood?
Will the production decrease this year due to lack of fertilizer, will the government provide it on time?
Does the government provide any assistance to build modern agricultural infrastructure in this greenhouse?
Where do I need to go to apply for crop insurance?
What kind of technical assistance does the local agriculture service center provide for greenhouse farming?
Can this greenhouse also be included in the crop insurance program brought by the government?
Does the government give any discount on the power tiller used in this greenhouse?
This year, we couldn't plant rice due to lack of timely rain. Has the government brought any plans to provide relief to farmers?
Where can I find improved seeds for this greenhouse?
What kind of documents are needed to get government subsidies in agriculture?
What kind of land ownership certificate is required to get an agricultural loan?
How to get insurance for the tomatoes planted in this greenhouse?
Has the government brought any land improvement programs for small farmers?
What kind of support does the government provide to export vegetables produced in this greenhouse?
This year's rice production was not good, does the government provide any compensation?
How long does it take to get crop insurance money?
What kind of training does the government provide for this greenhouse farming?
It was difficult to get potato seeds this year, does the government provide any help?
Is there any government plan to waive the loans taken by farmers?
This year, insects ate the crops, does the government provide any medicine for insect control?
What percentage of subsidy does the government provide on the fee for crop insurance?
Does the government provide any concessions to buy fertilizer for this greenhouse?
This year's flood destroyed the greenhouse, does the government provide any relief to rebuild it?
Does the government give any financial help to build plastic tunnels in this greenhouse?
Has the government changed anything in the import-export policy for agricultural products?
The corn I planted dried up this year because it didn't rain on time, will the government help at all?
Has the government introduced any insurance plans for workers in this greenhouse?
Can I apply for crop insurance online?
What kind of irrigation facilities does the government provide for this greenhouse?
What kind of training does the government provide for farmers in new agricultural technology?
Does the government help find a market for the vegetables produced in this greenhouse?
This year, excessive rain flooded the crops, will the government provide any compensation?
How do I renew my crop insurance?
What kind of standards has the government set for building a greenhouse?
The price of chemical fertilizer has increased this year, will the government provide any subsidies?
What kind of programs has the government introduced to attract young people to agriculture?
Does the government give any encouragement to use organic fertilizer in this greenhouse?
This year, I couldn't plant rice because it didn't rain on time, will the government help with seeds?
Does the government provide any subsidies for agricultural tools for farmers?
Does the government help build a cold store to store the vegetables produced in this greenhouse?
What kind of plans has the government introduced for the development of the agricultural sector?
Does the government give any financial help to use new technology in this greenhouse?
Where can I get more information about crop insurance?
This year, potato production was high, but there's no price in the market. Will the government provide any help?
Has the government made a mobile app to give farmers agricultural information?
Does the government provide any help for soil testing for this greenhouse?
This year, paddy got stem borer disease, will the government give any medicine?
How does the government encourage farmers to use modern technology in agriculture?
Speaking as a seed trader, it's difficult to rely on canal irrigation due to the lack of water in winter.
Seeds don't germinate well in hilly areas because there's no drip irrigation system, this is our big complaint.
If the government had given subsidies for sprinkler irrigation, the water problem would have been reduced to some extent.
Even with the annual water shortage, I don't understand why a groundwater extraction plan hasn't been introduced.
Without a timely irrigation schedule, there's confusion about when to plant which seeds, who will listen to this problem?
It's been difficult to even sell seeds this time because of the water shortage, the farmers are disappointed.
Water is being wasted because canal irrigation isn't maintained on time, nobody is paying attention to this.
It's hard to save the seeds because of the drought, what to do if there is no irrigation system?
Fertilizers and seeds are available on time, but what's the use when there's a lack of irrigation water?
Small farmers can't afford to buy expensive irrigation equipment, there should be a system to make it available cheaply.
I don't know how many seeds were wasted because there was no water during the planting season.
How to plant wheat seeds when there is no water in winter, I am worried.
The water shortage is still there in the spring season, who will solve this?
We are forced to rely on rainwater to plant paddy in the Kharif season.
Due to the lack of irrigation, the business is at risk because it is difficult to sell seeds.
There's not even one irrigation plan in the village, how to farm?
Before, canal irrigation was good, but now no water comes at all.
The problem is there's not enough budget allocated for irrigation.
Because they don't know about drip irrigation, many farmers are forced to farm in the old way.
It's hard to use sprinkler irrigation because we haven't gotten training for it.
The process to get permission to extract groundwater is complicated, it should be simplified.
It would be easier if we knew the irrigation schedule earlier, it's a problem when we find out at the last minute.
The canals are broken because the local government isn't paying attention to irrigation maintenance.
The seeds didn't sprout because of the lack of water, what answer do we give the farmers now?
Even if we sell good quality seeds, farmers can't produce well if there's no irrigation.
The government should bring new technology for irrigation.
The traditional canal irrigation system is not enough anymore, we need to find new options.
The drip irrigation pipeline is broken and it's hard to find someone to repair it.
It's a problem when there's no electricity to run the sprinkler irrigation.
Excessive extraction of groundwater is causing the water level to decrease.
The crops are starting to dry up because water isn't released according to the irrigation schedule.
There's a budget for irrigation maintenance, but there's no manpower to do the work.
Farmers are drowning in debt because of the lack of water.
Even selling good seeds, we couldn't make the farmers happy, because of the water.
Because of the lack of irrigation, the youth in the village are forced to sit unemployed.
The canal doesn't have water like before, I wonder what happened.
I went to the ward office so many times for irrigation, but no one listened.
Many people don't know about drip irrigation, it should be promoted.
It would be good if the government gave subsidies for sprinkler irrigation.
It costs a lot to extract groundwater, how can poor farmers afford it?
Without publishing the irrigation schedule, no one knows how much water they need.
The problem is that the user committee is not interested in irrigation maintenance.
Due to lack of water, the seeds are stuck in the warehouse.
The government should bring a concrete plan for irrigation, just giving speeches is not enough.
Alternative irrigation systems should be developed as an alternative to canal irrigation.
After the earthquake, if we can increase the use of organic fertilizer in the soil, we can reduce the need for chemical fertilizer.
If farmers are trained to make compost fertilizer, the use of chemical fertilizer will decrease.
Farmers are disappointed when they don't get urea fertilizer on time, I have suggested using alternative fertilizers.
The use of locally available fertilizers should be encouraged instead of DAP fertilizer.
It seems that the lack of potash fertilizer will affect crop production, we should look for organic alternatives.
It is necessary to explain the importance of biofertilizers to farmers, it makes the soil fertile.
We are coordinating with the local level to make the fertilizer subsidy program effective.
There have been complaints that there is no good production in the crop due to the incorrect timing of fertilizer use.
Farmers should be informed that excessive fertilizer use reduces soil fertility.
Using compost fertilizer on this crop is likely to result in good production.
We need to make farmers understand that using improved seeds and organic fertilizer increases production.
If we can provide the necessary equipment for irrigation, fertilizer use can be reduced.
Farmers should be encouraged to use organic fertilizer as an alternative to chemical fertilizer.
Organic fertilizer works well in soil damaged by the earthquake.
The availability of fertilizer should be ensured during planting season.
If we can reduce the use of chemical fertilizer, soil health will be good.
Looks like we need to organize a workshop to teach how to make compost fertilizer.
We need to cooperate with the local government to stop the black market of urea fertilizer.
Bone meal can be used as an alternative to DAP fertilizer.
I am advising farmers to use ash instead of potash fertilizer.
The use of biofertilizers increases the amount of nitrogen in the soil.
Farmers should be informed about the process of applying for fertilizer subsidies.
Farmers should be provided with a schedule for using fertilizer according to the crop.
It should be explained that using too much fertilizer has a negative effect on the soil.
Compost fertilizer provides all the necessary elements to the soil.
Along with the use of improved seeds, emphasis should be placed on the use of organic fertilizer.
Without irrigation facilities, the use of fertilizer may not be effective.
The use of a tractor helps to mix the fertilizer well into the soil.
To reduce the use of chemical fertilizers, the production of organic fertilizers should be increased.
Organic fertilizer can be used to revive the soil in earthquake-damaged fields.
We should take initiative to prevent fertilizer shortages during planting season.
We should suggest using chemical fertilizer only after soil testing.
We can provide necessary materials to farmers for making compost fertilizer.
We should inform that the use of urea fertilizer increases soil acidity.
The use of DAP fertilizer strengthens the roots of the crop.
The use of potash fertilizer protects the crop from diseases.
The use of biofertilizers helps to keep the environment clean.
Farmer ID card has been made mandatory to get fertilizer subsidy.
There is a possibility of doubling the production by using fertilizer at the right time.
Using too much fertilizer increases the chances of pests in the crop.
The method of making compost fertilizer is very easy, you can make it yourself after taking training.
The use of improved seeds and organic fertilizer increases the income of farmers.
Farmers are disappointed as the use of fertilizer is not effective due to lack of irrigation.
When a tractor plows the field, the fertilizer mixes well with the soil.
Fertilizer management should be done on time for the Rabi season.
We are encouraging farmers to use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
The use of compost fertilizer in the field after the earthquake makes the soil fertile.
Fertilizer should be used according to the type of soil.
Soil testing camps should be conducted to determine the amount of fertilizer required for the crop.
Informative programs should be conducted for farmers for proper use of fertilizer and timely availability.
These days it's hard to even find good potato seeds in the hills, where to get them from?
This year we didn't even get fertilizer for the winter crops, what to farm?
Without transportation in the village, it's difficult to sell fruits.
The money from selling the paddy hasn't come into the account yet, who to ask?
The price of cardamom is decreasing every day, how to manage household expenses?
We want to do orange farming in this place, but there is no irrigation, what to do?
The government has set a support price for wheat, but they hesitate when buying.
Paddy doesn't grow in the hills anymore, what are we going to eat now?
They say the corn seeds are good, but they are not available here.
I don't know if production decreases or increases when using compost fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
This year's rain washed away all the vegetables, what to sell now?
I've heard a lot about crop insurance, but I don't know how to do it.
Who is going to bring improved varieties of paddy seeds to the village?
A lot of potatoes grow here, but there is no market to sell them.
Where to go to inquire about the subsidies the government gives to farmers?
These days it's hard to even find people to work in the village.
This year the potatoes got diseased, what to do?
We want to grow apples in the hills, but where to find the saplings?
There is always a water problem here, how to farm?
This year the wheat production has decreased, what are we going to eat?
It would be good if an agriculture technician came to the village and did a soil test.
We couldn't sell lentils at the support price set by the government.
This year, the oranges have pests, what to do?
It's difficult to get a loan for potato farming too.
There's always a shortage of fertilizer here, how to farm?
It doesn't rain when it's time to plant rice, what to do?
The price of corn always goes down, what to sell?
We don't even know about the plans the government has for farmers.
This year, the potato production was low, how to make a living?
It's difficult to irrigate because there's no electricity in the village.
Potato seeds have become expensive, how to buy them?
It's difficult to get vegetables to the market because there's no road in the village.
This year, the wheat has pests, what to do?
We couldn't sell rice at the support price set by the government.
There's always a shortage of water here, how to plant rice?
This year, the potato production was low, how to repay the loan?
There's no shop in the village that sells agricultural supplies, where to go?
You even have to bribe to get the grant the government gives to farmers.
This year, cardamom production was low, how to manage household expenses?
There is no health post in the village, where to go when sick?
This year the rice got a disease, what to do?
Couldn't sell the corn at the support price set by the government.
There's always a shortage of fertilizer here, how to plant corn?
This year the potato production was low, how to educate the children?
There's no bank in the village, where to go to deposit money?
Don't even have time to go to the training the government gives to farmers.
This year the orange production was low, how to make a living?
There's a drinking water problem in the village, how to farm?
Couldn't sell the wheat at the support price set by the government.
There's always a shortage of fertilizer here, how to plant wheat?
This year, landslides blocked the road during the monsoon, making it very difficult to get goods to the cold storage.
Who knows what, this year's weather forecast didn't seem right either, a lot of damage was done.
Due to the continuous drought, it's difficult to even find vegetables to store in the cold storage, what business to do?
Couldn't plant potato seeds because there was no winter rain, what to sell now?
This time the hailstorm destroyed the apple orchard, there are no apples to store in the cold storage.
The flood damaged the road, making it very expensive to transport goods to the cold storage.
The farmers didn't do anything for climate adaptation, so it's difficult to get goods.
Without a timely early warning system, the flood washed away a lot of goods, what to sell now?
This Kharif season, the rice didn't grow because it didn't rain, how to fill the cold storage?
The potatoes stored in the cold storage spoiled due to the extreme cold in winter.
The unseasonal rain after the monsoon destroyed all the vegetables.
Couldn't plow the field on time because there were no power tillers, so production decreased.
Production decreased because we didn't get good seeds, so the cold storage is almost empty.
The price of pesticides has skyrocketed, increasing production costs, how to sell now?
Due to lack of compost fertilizer, production wasn't good, so there wasn't enough to store in the cold storage.
It's scary to bring goods to the cold storage because of the risk of landslides.
A lot of damage happened because the weather forecast was wrong, who will compensate?
Climate change has greatly affected agriculture, how to manage now?
The flood damaged the cold storage because we didn't get early warning on time.
It was difficult to deliver goods to the cold storage because the roads were damaged during the monsoon.
It's hard to find fruits to store in the cold storage this year because of the drought.
The hailstorm destroyed all the crops, how to fill the cold storage now?
Farmers have suffered a lot of damage due to floods and landslides.
The government should provide some assistance for climate adaptation.
The information provided by the weather forecasting department this year was not accurate.
A lot of damage happened because the early warning system was not effective.
Rice production decreased a lot because it didn't rain during the Kharif season.
The potatoes spoiled because it got too cold in the winter, who to tell now?
The post-monsoon flood washed away all the vegetables.
Couldn't work on time because we didn't get a power tiller.
Production wasn't as expected because the seeds weren't good.
It's a problem because the price of pesticides increased.
Production decreased because we couldn't get compost fertilizer.
It's hard to do business this year because of so many landslides in the monsoon.
We lost a lot by trusting the weather forecast.
Climate change has jeopardized our business.
If we had received early warning on time, there wouldn't have been so much damage.
It's difficult to find goods to store in cold storage because of the drought.
Hail destroyed all the fruits, what to do now?
The flood damaged the road, so it cost a lot to transport goods.
The government should bring some plans for climate adaptation.
The weather forecast is always wrong, how to trust it?
The early warning system should be made effective.
We lost a lot because it didn't rain during the Kharif season.
We lost a lot because the potatoes spoiled due to the cold in winter.
The post-monsoon flood destroyed all the vegetables.
We couldn't work on time due to the lack of a power tiller.
Production decreased because we couldn't get good seeds, what to sell now?
The price of pesticides increased, so the cost increased.
Storage pests can damage crops, so inspect them well before storing.
There's a risk of many vegetables rotting due to lack of cold storage, so arrange to sell them on time.
Improper drying can cause mold in grains, so dry them well in the sun.
Storing without grading can affect the price, so store only after grading.
Pay attention while packaging, weak packaging can cause damage during transport.
It can be difficult to dry due to rain during the harvesting season, so arrange for tarpaulin.
Maintain proper temperature and humidity for food preservation, otherwise insects can infest the grains.
A lot of grain can be lost if you don't pay attention to storage, so take precautions.
Get your soil tested before using chemical fertilizers, otherwise the soil fertility may decrease.
Decompose compost manure well, undecomposed manure can affect the crop.
There is a possibility of disease when using improved seeds, so plant only after treating the seeds.
Take protective measures when using chemical pesticides, otherwise it can seriously affect your health.
Protect from the cold during storage, the cold can spoil the grains.
Inspect the grain regularly when storing it in the warehouse, and control any insects immediately if you see them.
Do not stir the grain too much during drying, it can reduce the quality of the grain.
Insects can infest grains if you don't use airtight packaging, be aware of this.
Light should not enter the storage, light can change the color and taste of the grain.
Pay attention to the amount of chemicals used for food preservation, too much can harm health.
Clean fruits and vegetables well before storing them in cold storage, otherwise infection can spread.
Remove dirt from the grain before storing it, dirt can attract insects.
Separate the small-sized grains during grading, small grains can spoil quickly.
When you're packing, don't forget to label it, the label gives info about the grain.
When storing, don't put the grain directly on the floor, it can get damp and moldy.
Don't use very old technology for food preservation, it might not give effective results.
If you don't have cooling equipment in the warehouse, the grain can rot, arrange it on time.
While drying, don't put the grain directly in the sun, it can destroy the nutrients.
Using airtight packaging can cause a lack of oxygen in the grain, so air it out from time to time.
When storing, don't put it in a very damp place, damp places can cause pests and mold.
Get information about the grants the government gives for food preservation, otherwise you might miss the opportunity.
When storing in a cold store, don't put fruits and vegetables in the same place, it can spoil one.
When storing, turn the grain regularly, otherwise pests can get in one place.
When grading, only choose the good grain, bad grain can spoil the others too.
When packaging, use strong materials, weak materials can damage the grain.
When storing, don't put it in a very hot place, hot places can reduce the quality of the grain.
Don't use the wrong method for food preservation, it can make the grain poisonous.
Don't put too much grain in one place in the warehouse, it can hinder air circulation.
While drying, protect the grain from birds, birds can eat the grain.
When using airtight packaging, open and check it from time to time, you'll know if there are pests.
When using pesticides to control pests during storage, be careful, otherwise it can affect your health.
Repair the equipment needed for food preservation on time, otherwise the work may stop.
When storing in a cold store, keep accurate temperature information, the wrong temperature can spoil the grain.
When storing grains, protect them from dust and dirt, as they can contaminate the grains.
Get grading done by an experienced person, inexperienced people can't grade well.
When packaging, use eco-friendly materials, plastic affects the environment.
When storing, don't keep in places where water leaks, water can rot the grains.
Don't use new methods for food preservation without training, it can spoil the grains.
Take precautions to avoid fire in the warehouse, fire can cause great damage.
While drying, don't leave the grains open overnight, dew can spoil the grains.
When using airtight packaging, package according to the type of grain, the same packaging may not work for all grains.
When storing, protect the grains from animals, animals can eat the grains.
Instead of raising sheep, it is easier to raise Chyangra goats in places with water scarcity, because Chyangra goats can survive with less water.
Water management is more challenging in fish farming compared to poultry farming, especially when there is water scarcity.
Buffaloes need more water than cows, so it is difficult to raise buffaloes in water scarcity.
Water scarcity affects beekeeping less than goat farming, because bees need less water.
Instead of increasing production by using chemical fertilizer, using organic fertilizer can maintain soil fertility even in water scarcity.
When there is water scarcity during the rice planting season, planting corn can be a good alternative.
Compared to chemical fertilizer, compost fertilizer provides the necessary nutrients to the crop even in water scarcity.
It is easier to raise local breed cows than improved breed cows in water scarcity.
Wheat cultivation requires less water than rice cultivation, so it is best to plant wheat in water scarcity.
It is difficult to manage animal feed.
Water scarcity can be reduced in modern farming systems compared to traditional farming, such as drip irrigation.
Using organic pesticides instead of chemical pesticides can help protect soil health even with water scarcity.
Plowing the field with a power tiller takes less time than plowing with oxen, but if the soil is dry due to water scarcity, it's difficult to operate the power tiller.
Poultry farming is more prone to disease outbreaks.
Managing feed is easier in poultry farming.
If you can make your own fertilizer instead of using subsidized fertilizer, you can save the crop even with water scarcity.
It is easier for small farmers to grow vegetables than paddy in water scarcity.
It is better to plant wheat instead of paddy this year because there is less water.
Clothes made from yak wool are more expensive than clothes made from sheep wool.
Poultry farming requires less investment.
It is easier to take yaks to pasture in the rainy season than in the winter.
Local breeds of cows give good milk even with water scarcity, compared to improved breeds.
Using organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer can help maintain soil fertility even with water scarcity.
Maintaining water quality is more difficult in fish farming.
Managing grazing areas is more challenging in sheep farming than in goat farming, especially in places with water scarcity.
Planting wheat instead of paddy in fertile soil can be a good option in water scarcity.
Including buffaloes in livestock insurance schemes is riskier than including cows.
The insurance premium is higher for cows than for goats in livestock insurance schemes.
It is better to use a tank instead of a pond for fish farming in water scarcity.
Using local materials for feed in poultry farming can reduce costs even with water scarcity.
Goat farming has a higher risk of disease.
You can earn faster in poultry farming than in [something].
Using organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer can keep the soil healthy even with water scarcity.
Drip irrigation is more effective than traditional irrigation systems for irrigation in water scarcity.
Raising Chyangra goats is more profitable than sheep farming in places with water scarcity.
Finger millet farming can be done even with water scarcity compared to rice farming.
It is more difficult to manage animal feed in buffalo farming compared to cow farming.
Good income can be earned with less investment in poultry farming than in goat farming.
Protecting beehives is more important than honey production in beekeeping, especially in water scarcity.
Using compost fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer for rice cultivation results in better production even with water scarcity.
Beekeeping requires less care than [something].
Waste management is more difficult in pig farming than in [something].
Livestock insurance is more beneficial to farmers if done for goats than for cows.
Using organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer in rice cultivation maintains soil fertility even with water scarcity.
There is less chance of disease in beekeeping than in [something].
The risk of investment is lower in goat farming than in [something].
Managing grazing areas is more challenging in sheep farming than in cow farming.
Water management can be expensive in fish farming than in [something].
Using organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer for rice cultivation results in better production even with water scarcity.
Maintaining the quality of honey is more important than earning money by selling honey in beekeeping.
Farmers are complaining that canal irrigation work has been very slow in post-earthquake reconstruction.
Even after installing the drip irrigation system, the water shortage remains, what kind of plan is this?
It's been a long time since I applied for sprinkler irrigation, it hasn't been approved yet.
The groundwater pump has been broken for months, who is going to fix it?
Didn't get the grant to build a rainwater harvesting tank, how to farm now?
What's the point of making an irrigation schedule if the water doesn't come on time?
Due to the extreme water shortage, we couldn't plant rice this year, what are we going to eat?
How can there be no budget for irrigation maintenance? What are the farmers supposed to do?
There's no water in the canal even when it's time to plant winter crops, what kind of irrigation system is this?
Lost a lot of money in the spring because there was no water for vegetable farming.
The water problem is the same even after the monsoon, how long do we have to put up with this?
The crops started drying up because there was no water when it was time to harvest the rice, what to do now?
Many farmers are complaining that production has decreased due to insufficient fertilizer.
The compost fertilizer training was not effective, the quality of the fertilizer is not good.
Irrigation equipment is expensive and we can't afford it, it needs to be available at a cheaper price.
Even using growth hormones didn't make much of a difference, it seems useless.
The canal built for canal irrigation is broken and water is being wasted, who will fix it?
The drip irrigation pipe was of poor quality and broke quickly, we should get compensation.
There is not enough electricity to run the sprinkler irrigation, it's always a problem.
It is very difficult to get permission to drill a well to extract groundwater, the process should be simplified.
The pond built to collect rainwater doesn't collect water, there is a problem with the design.
Crops are damaged a lot because water didn't come according to the irrigation schedule.
We had to leave the field barren because of lack of water, the government should help somehow.
Even after repeatedly applying for irrigation repairs, nothing happened, what kind of negligence is this?
Many farmers suffered when water didn't come to the canal during planting season.
We have to carry water from far away to irrigate the field, how long will this problem last?
It's difficult to irrigate because the water source is drying up, a solution must be found.
Farmers are affected because the electricity tariff for irrigation is very expensive.
There are complaints that even though the government brought irrigation plans, the implementation is weak.
Many lands are becoming barren due to lack of proper water management.
Youths are forced to migrate abroad due to lack of irrigation, this is a misfortune for the country.
There is a problem because we are not getting technical support for drip irrigation system.
Farmers are confused because there is no training arrangement for sprinkler irrigation.
I am worried that the water level is decreasing due to excessive exploitation of ground water.
It is necessary to run an awareness campaign for rainwater harvesting.
There is a need to make the irrigation schedule scientific.
There are complaints that agricultural staff didn't care showing the reason of water scarcity.
It hurts to hear the news that the budget allocated for irrigation repairs was misused.
There is a need to improve the old structure of canal irrigation in a timely manner.
Farmers should be provided loans for drip irrigation system.
The government should provide grants to promote the use of sprinkler irrigation.
We need to make rules to protect groundwater.
There's a demand to make rainwater harvesting systems mandatory.
Irrigation schedules should be made according to the needs of the farmers.
We need to bring a long-term plan to solve the water shortage problem.
There's a demand to deploy a team immediately for irrigation maintenance.
The potato plants are starting to dry up because there's no water in the field, what to do?
This year, corn production is not even half because of no water, who to tell this sorrow to?
Because of the water problem, I have to give up the idea of growing vegetables.
Due to the lack of proper irrigation, young people are starting to turn away from agriculture.
This year the corn started drying up because it didn't rain, what to do without sprinkler irrigation!
It's difficult for canal irrigation water to reach the field, half of it is used up on the way.
It's a problem because it costs a lot to install drip irrigation pipes.
Due to the lack of water in the field, winter crops could not be planted, we have to rely on rainwater.
The water pumping motor is broken, so I can't irrigate the field, and I don't have money to repair it.
I have an idea to build a rainwater harvesting pond, but I don't know how to do it.
Rice planting was delayed because water didn't come according to the irrigation schedule, there is fear of reduced production.
Due to the lack of water, vegetable farming could not be done this year, the investment will be wasted.
The canal water dries up halfway before reaching the field, how to irrigate?
There are many hassles to get the government's irrigation grant, there is no encouragement for young farmers.
I'm afraid of snakes at night when I go to irrigate the field, I have to work at the risk of my life.
The local government didn't help with irrigation repairs, where should we go?
Couldn't plant rice this year because of the drought, worried about how to feed the family.
Farming relying on rainwater is sometimes good, sometimes not, always stressful.
The irrigation project not finishing on time is hurting young farmers like us.
Because of the water problem in the fields, I might be forced to go abroad.
It would be easier if I could get training on installing a drip irrigation system.
Tried to get a loan from the bank for irrigation, but they ask for too many documents.
It's going to be hard to educate the children when there's no water in the fields.
Don't have money to buy pipes to bring canal water to the field, what to do?
Due to lack of irrigation, many young people in the village have migrated abroad, how long will this problem last?
The electricity bill is too high for sprinkler irrigation, how to pay?
The water level is decreasing when irrigating by pumping groundwater, what will happen in the future?
Planning to build a tank to collect rainwater, but there is a lack of space.
Because of the irrigation problem, I have to leave the field barren this year.
The crops started to dry up because the canal irrigation water is not regular, what to do?
It was a problem not getting the government subsidy for drip irrigation on time.
Due to lack of irrigation facilities, young people are migrating away from agriculture.
The vegetables planted in the field dried up and were destroyed due to lack of water, how to make a living now?
Had to borrow from neighbors to run things because I didn't have money to buy a motor for irrigation.
The corn planted in the field dried up this year because it didn't rain, will the government give some relief?
The canal water path is broken so I can't irrigate, who should I tell?
I had to back out because it costs too much to install a drip irrigation system.
I don't feel like farming because of lack of irrigation, I should look for another job.
I planned to dig a pond to collect rainwater, but there's no budget.
It would have been easier if I had training for sprinkler irrigation, but I didn't get the chance.
The well started drying up when I pumped underground water for irrigation, what to do now?
Because of the irrigation problem, I'm unemployed even after returning from abroad.
It takes a lot of effort to get canal irrigation water to the field, isn't there an easy way?
The drip irrigation pipe is broken and it will cost a lot to repair, what to do?
The government's subsidy process for irrigation is complicated, it should be simplified.
Due to lack of water, the rice planted in the field has dried up, how will we eat now?
I don't have time to clean the canal to bring canal water to the field, and I can't afford to pay someone to do it.
I can't use the drip irrigation system because I don't have information about it.
Due to lack of irrigation, the number of farmers in the village is decreasing, how will the village survive now?
I'm thinking of collecting rainwater for irrigation, but who will help?
The water source is drying up when I pump underground water for irrigation, I'm worried.
I tried to get a loan from the bank for irrigation, but there's a rule that land must be mortgaged.
The crops started drying up because the canal irrigation water is not regular, who should I ask for help?
Due to lack of water, I have to leave the field barren this year, what will I eat to survive?
The composting method increases soil fertility for making fertilizer, you understand, right!
Did you get the soil tested before planting these seeds?
Mulching after sowing wheat in winter helps maintain soil moisture.
Farmers should pay attention to prevent soil degradation.
Using green manure provides the soil with necessary elements.
How much does this power tiller affect the soil when plowing the field?
It's better to use compost manure instead of chemical fertilizer.
What effect does the use of irrigation equipment have on soil fertility?
Nowadays, many people farm only after testing the soil.
I heard that if you can make compost manure, it's very good for the soil.
Does mulching reduce the problem of weeds?
They say crop rotation improves soil health!
What is good to plant for green manure, can I get some information?
What should be done to prevent land degradation, please tell me.
How much does this tractor affect the soil when plowing?
I hear that using chemical fertilizer damages the soil, is that true?
Which equipment should be used for irrigation to minimize soil impact?
How many days does it take for the soil test report to come?
How to prevent soil erosion during the rainy season?
When is the training to teach how to make manure?
Is it better to use plastic for mulching or something else?
Where should I go to get more detailed information about crop rotation?
I heard that using green manure eliminates the need for chemical fertilizers.
The crops aren't good after land degradation, what to do?
Is it better for the soil to plow with oxen instead of a power tiller?
Can we use organic fertilizer as an alternative to chemical fertilizer?
When irrigating, the soil gets too soggy and the plants fall over, what to do?
How much does it cost to test the soil?
Where do I register to participate in compost fertilizer making training?
Which crop benefits the most from mulching?
Which crop is most beneficial to the soil in crop rotation?
Where can I find seeds for green manure?
Is there any government program to prevent land degradation?
How does the use of tractors affect soil fertility?
Does production decrease if chemical fertilizers are not used?
How to send a sample for soil testing?
Does production initially decrease or increase when adopting crop rotation?
In this post-earthquake situation, how should fertilizer be used to increase rice production?
What kind of seed is suitable for wheat cultivation in this hilly region?
What measures can be taken to protect potatoes and other vegetables from pests?
Where can we inform farmers about where to find improved seeds for rice cultivation?
What kind of soil is needed to plant corn this year in the field damaged by the earthquake?
What should be done to increase the production of citrus fruits in this place?
Is it necessary to provide training to the farmers here about lentil farming?
What kind of impact will the earthquake-damaged irrigation system have on rice cultivation?
Can a power tiller be used for planting rice in hilly areas or not?
When will the arrangement to distribute wheat seeds to farmers on subsidy start?
What would it be like to use compost fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer in rice cultivation?
What is the possibility of cardamom farming in this area, should we study it?
What kind of subsidy arrangement is there for rice seeds for earthquake-affected farmers?
Is it necessary to get the soil tested to increase corn production in the hills?
How to inform the farmers about the wheat crop insurance scheme?
What program should be brought to promote millet cultivation in this area?
Is it possible to cultivate soybeans in the land damaged by the earthquake?
How to provide technical assistance to farmers for fruit farming?
What kind of soil should be suitable for ginger cultivation in this area?
How to distribute rice seeds as relief to the farmers affected by the earthquake?
What arrangements should be made for irrigation to increase wheat production?
Is the use of plastic tunnels effective for vegetable farming in hilly areas or not?
What process needs to be completed to provide subsidies to farmers for corn seeds?
What kind of soil is suitable for orange farming in this area?
When do you think the rice seed storage that was destroyed by the earthquake will be rebuilt?
Should we give the farmers here information about how to cultivate lentils?
What could be the reason for the decline in cardamom production in this place?
How can we encourage farmers to cultivate wheat in this post-earthquake period?
Which fertilizer is suitable for rice cultivation in hilly areas?
Should farmers be given training on the use of power tillers or not?
Can a fruit nursery be established in this area or not?
What should we answer when farmers ask where to find wheat seeds?
What should be done to increase maize production in this place?
What kind of training should be given to farmers for vegetable farming?
Can information be provided about how to cultivate potatoes in hilly areas?
What should be done to control the disease affecting orange trees in this place?
What kind of fertilizer is needed to grow wheat in the field damaged by the earthquake?
What kind of lentil seeds should be distributed to farmers for lentil cultivation?
What kind of soil is needed for cardamom cultivation in this area?
What should be done to increase rice production in hilly areas?
What kind of training should be given to farmers for wheat cultivation?
What kind of plan should be made to increase maize production in this place?
What kind of program should be introduced to provide information to farmers about vegetable farming?
What should be done to control the insects affecting orange trees in this area?
What kind of soil is needed to grow rice in a field damaged by the earthquake?
How can we encourage farmers to grow lentils?
How can we arrange irrigation for wheat farming in the hilly region?
What kind of seeds are suitable for potato farming in this area?
Should we teach farmers new technology for rice farming?
It's easier to store more onions than potatoes in the warehouse.
This year, the cooperative has decided to subsidize rice seeds more than wheat seeds.
It is better to plant wheat than rice in the winter season.
Cardamom production is better when using organic fertilizer compared to chemical fertilizer.
This year, corn production seems to be lower compared to rice production.
Lemon farming has flourished more than orange farming in this area.
The cooperative is encouraging farmers to grow wheat instead of rice.
Organic pesticides are safer for cardamom compared to chemical pesticides.
This year, peach production is better than apple production, so the price is also good.
Wheat farming requires less water compared to rice farming.
This year, the demand for masuro has increased compared to musuro.
The price of ginger tends to be more unstable than cardamom.
In hilly areas, millet grows much easier than rice.
Wheat can be stored more safely in the warehouse than rice.
It takes a lot of effort to cultivate cardamom compared to other crops.
This time the price of wheat is higher than rice because the production decreased.
Using organic fertilizer is better for the soil in the long run than using chemical fertilizer.
This year, oranges grew more than apples, so farmers have a market problem.
The quality of cardamom here is better compared to other places.
Storing rice needs more space than wheat.
Looking at this year's production, corn is much better than rice.
Vegetables that haven't used pesticides are better for health than those that have.
This year, the demand for wheat seeds has increased compared to rice.
Wheat farming requires less manpower than rice farming.
More corn is produced in this area than rice.
It is better to cultivate rice in places with irrigation facilities, rather than millet.
This year the price of cardamom has decreased slightly compared to last year.
The cooperative has given more discounts on wheat seeds than on rice.
More income can be earned from cardamom compared to other crops.
This year, rice production has increased compared to wheat.
The oranges here are much sweeter than in other places.
There is more demand for wheat than rice in subsidized fertilizer.
Cardamom is more likely to get diseases compared to other crops.
The climate here is best for cardamom cultivation compared to other areas.
It is easier to store onions than potatoes.
This year, cardamom production looks better compared to other crops.
The market price of cardamom here is better than in other places.
This year, wheat production is less compared to paddy.
Pigeon pea is more expensive than lentil.
Managing water is harder in paddy farming compared to wheat farming.
This year, cardamom production has decreased a lot compared to last year.
Using organic fertilizer increases soil fertility compared to chemical fertilizer.
This year, lemon production is much better than orange production.
Wheat farming requires less investment than paddy farming.
The weather here is more suitable for cardamom than in other places.
The cooperative sold wheat seeds cheaper than paddy seeds.
Ginger farming is easier than cardamom farming.
It is easier to store maize compared to paddy.
This year, paddy production is expected to be higher than wheat.
Spray pesticide on time to protect wheat from disease, otherwise production may decrease.
It is good to test the soil before planting paddy seeds, the soil may be deficient in nutrients.
Cardamom farming has a high risk of root rot disease, so check the soil from time to time.
Excessive use of chemical fertilizers in fruits reduces soil fertility, use compost fertilizer.
Using irrigation equipment can lead to excessive water use, pay attention to using water efficiently.
There is a high chance of vegetable crops getting infested with insects in pre-monsoon, monitor regularly.
If you don't plant jackfruit seeds properly, they won't sprout, so get info on how to plant them.
Even though there are many benefits to working in a farmer's group, you have to keep good accounts, otherwise it can be a hassle.
Using hybrid corn seeds can affect the soil's fertility, so get your soil tested.
When taking a loan from a cooperative, understand the interest rate and installments well before signing the papers, otherwise you might have problems later.
Harvesting paddy rice can be damaged by rain, so store it in a safe place.
Using chemical fertilizer in wheat farming can degrade the soil's natural quality, so use organic fertilizer.
When choosing corn seeds, choose according to the local climate, otherwise it might not produce.
Pay attention to pesticide use when growing vegetables, it can have negative effects on human health.
Before planting fruit seedlings, get the soil's acidity checked, otherwise the seedlings may not grow well.
Lentils are likely to get diseases, so get advice from an agricultural technician in time.
Lack of water in finger millet farming can reduce production, so pay attention to irrigation management.
When farming soybeans, get the amount of nitrogen in the soil checked, otherwise production may not be good.
To protect ginger from root rot, treat the soil from time to time.
If you don't maintain proper spacing when planting cardamom seedlings, the chances of disease increase.
Using too much chemical fertilizer in rice can reduce the quality of the rice, so use balanced fertilizer.
If there is too much irrigation in wheat, there is a possibility of root rot, so pay attention to the amount of water.
Corn is prone to insect infestations, so inspect the crop regularly.
Check the soil temperature before planting vegetable seeds, if the temperature is not suitable, the seeds may not sprout.
When using pesticides on fruits, be mindful of the harvesting time, otherwise it will affect human health.
Protect lentils from moisture when storing them, they may get moldy.
When storing millet, dry it well in the sun, otherwise it might get infested with bugs.
Don't plant soybeans in places where water collects, the roots will rot and the plant will die.
Too much shade in cardamom farming can reduce production, make sure there's enough light.
When choosing rice seeds, give priority to local varieties, otherwise they might get diseases.
If you don't fertilize wheat on time, the yield can decrease, pay attention to fertilizer management.
Before planting corn seeds, get the soil tested, it might be lacking essential nutrients.
Excessive use of pesticides in vegetable farming can negatively impact the environment, use organic pesticides.
Only buy fruit seedlings from a good nursery, otherwise you might get diseased plants.
To protect lentils from insects, put neem leaves in with them.
When farming millet, the soil shouldn't be too moist, it grows well in dry soil.
When storing soybeans, keep them in an airtight place, otherwise there's a risk of insects.
Ginger farming needs good water drainage, waterlogging will rot the roots.
Plant trees around cardamom plants to protect them from the wind, otherwise they might fall over.
If you don't manage water properly in rice farming, the yield can decrease.
When farming corn, use compost fertilizer to increase soil fertility, chemical fertilizer can damage the soil.
If vegetable crops get a disease, treat them immediately, otherwise all the crops might be destroyed.
When planting fruit seedlings, maintain proper spacing, otherwise the plants won't grow well.
If you don't fertilize lentils on time, the yield can decrease.
Drought can damage millet farming, manage irrigation.
If soybean seeds don't germinate well, the yield can decrease, pay attention to seed quality.
If you don't check the soil's acidity in ginger farming, the production might not be good.
Don't use too much chemical fertilizer when farming cardamom; it reduces the soil's fertility.
Looks like there will be a problem storing rice this year, manage it on time.
If you grade the potatoes before storing, you'll get a good price in the market.
If you don't use a good drying method, the grains might get moldy.
Before packaging in sacks, check if the grain is properly dried.
It's better to reduce the use of pesticides for food preservation.
It's been easier for many farmers because there's a cold storage nearby.
You must control grain insects before storing in the warehouse.
It's difficult to dry grain during the rainy season, so use modern equipment.
Pay special attention to reducing post-harvest loss during storage.
Looks like the wheat production will be good this Rabi season.
You have to take some measures to safely store rice in the warehouse.
If you need information about grain drying machines, I can help.
Potatoes can be stored safely for many days if you package them.
A lot of grain is wasted if you don't pay attention to storage, so be aware.
If you take training for food preservation, you'll learn a lot.
Fruits stay fresh longer when stored in cold storage.
You have to take care of the temperature when storing grain in the warehouse.
It is best to use modern technology because it is difficult to dry grain in the monsoon.
I'll give you information on how to store things in the post-monsoon season.
Many farmers are worried because of problems with rice storage.
Only send goods to the market after grading them well.
If you dry the grain properly, it will last longer.
If the packaging isn't good, the goods can spoil.
There's new information about food preservation, did you know?
Many farmers are having problems because there's no cold storage facility.
A lot of grain was lost because of insects in the warehouse.
It was hard to dry the grain this year because there was a lot of rain during the monsoon.
There are some ways to reduce post-harvest loss, do you want to know?
How was the maize production in the Kharif season?
What are the things to keep in mind when storing grain?
You can also get a loan to buy a drying machine.
A new machine has come for packaging, come and see.
The government has given some grants for food preservation.
How much does it cost to build a cold storage?
You should spray insecticide when storing in the warehouse.
It's very difficult to protect grain during the monsoon.
There are some trainings to avoid post-harvest loss.
The vegetable production was good this Rabi season.
No space for storage, what to do?
How much does a potato grading machine cost?
Make sure to dry the grains well before storing.
Good packaging increases the value of the goods.
Some new technologies have come for food preservation.
Fruits kept in cold storage stay fresh for many days.
What to do to control insects in the warehouse?
To protect grains in monsoon, plastic tunnels can be made.
Many people don't know about post-harvest loss.
Paddy production was not good in the Kharif season.
Use modern technology for storage.
Please give some information about grain drying methods.
How to do health checkup of yaks after the flood?
The recent flood swept away livestock, how to get livestock insurance now?
Can compost fertilizer be used in the field damaged by the flood?
This year the flood caused a lot of damage, which crop do you recommend to plant now?
What are the challenges for sheep farming in flood-affected areas?
How can animal feed be made available to farmers after the flood damage?
How can the impact of floods on poultry farming be reduced?
What precautions should be taken after a flood to protect cows from diseases?
What preparations are needed to start fish farming in a field damaged by the flood?
What are the health problems seen in buffaloes after a flood?
What is the possibility of beekeeping in a flood-damaged area?
How to manage the impact of floods on pig farming?
How to make medicine available for livestock in flood-affected areas?
How to manage fertilizer for farmers after flood damage?
This year the flood washed away all the investment, is there a loan available to buy irrigation equipment?
What kind of relief does the government provide to farmers after the flood destroys crops?
Is there a provision for grants to purchase new livestock in flood-affected areas?
Which pesticide is best to use in the field after a flood?
How to compensate for the damage caused by floods to animal feed?
Which body helps farmers to assess post-flood damage?
How to obtain agricultural tools in flood-affected areas?
How to explain the importance of livestock insurance to flood-affected farmers?
What is the method of using organic fertilizer in a flood-damaged field?
Where can I find information about the medicine needed for livestock after a flood?
Can farmers be given training on making compost fertilizer in flood-affected areas?
Which breed of sheep is good to raise after a flood?
Can a cow breed improvement program be introduced in flood-affected areas?
Which species is suitable for fish farming after a flood?
What should be done to make farmers understand the importance of animal feed after flood damage?
How can beekeeping be encouraged in flood-affected areas?
Should chemical fertilizer be used in a field damaged by a flood or not?
What kind of feed management should be done for pigs after a flood?
What kind of technology can be used for irrigation in flood-damaged areas?
How to help farmers with seeds and fertilizers after a flood?
What kind of plan can be brought for goat rearing in flood-affected areas?
What kind of grazing arrangement can be made for yaks in flood-damaged areas?
How to protect chickens from diseases after a flood?
How to provide immediate relief to farmers after flood damage?
Can a health camp be conducted for livestock in the flood-affected area?
What kind of compost fertilizer is beneficial to the soil when used in the field after a flood?
What should be done to get a loan for new livestock in flood-damaged areas?
Should farmers be informed about proper livestock management in flood-affected areas?
Which seasonal crops are suitable to grow in flood-damaged areas?
Can farmers be trained to control pests after a flood?
Can other crops be planted instead of paddy in flood-damaged areas?
Can training be given on making fertilizer from cow and buffalo dung in flood-affected areas?
Should farmers be encouraged to insure their livestock after flood damage?
Can farmers in flood-affected areas be taught to farm using new technology?
How to manage grass for livestock in flood-affected areas?
Can farmers get free medicine for livestock after a flood?
When storing potatoes, keep them in a cold room, otherwise they might rot.
Only store paddy after drying it well, otherwise it might get moldy.
Before storing wheat, check if the storage room is clean.
Store corn in plastic bags to protect it from moisture.
Store vegetables in a cold storage to keep them fresh for a long time.
Fruits should be stored at the right temperature to prevent spoilage.
Store lentils with neem leaves to protect them from insects.
Before storing millet, dry it well and keep it in an airtight container.
When storing soybeans, keep them in a place where there is no moisture.
Before storing ginger in a cold storage, remove the soil and dirt.
Store cardamom in a dry and cool place to preserve its aroma.
Use compost fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer in the field, it increases soil fertility.
Plow the field well with a power tiller before planting paddy, the soil becomes loose.
Use modern irrigation equipment for irrigation, it saves water.
When cultivating paddy in the rainy season, don't let water accumulate, arrange for drainage.
When cultivating wheat in the winter season, fertilize and water it on time, production increases.
When cultivating vegetables in the post-monsoon season, use organic pesticides to protect them from insects.
Use a paddy harvesting machine during the harvesting season, it saves time and labor.
Farmers should bring their products to the local market to sell at a fair price.
Young people should increase production by adopting new technologies in agriculture.
The government should subsidize fertilizers for farmers, it reduces production costs.
Parents should encourage their children to pursue a career in agriculture.
Health workers should advise farmers for healthy crop production.
Get the soil tested before investing in tea farming.
Plant tea seedlings at the proper distance.
Weed the tea garden regularly.
Pay attention to the time of picking tea leaves.
Dry the tea at the proper temperature when processing.
Use airtight packets when packaging tea.
Store tea in a dry place.
Adopt new methods to promote the tea market.
Pay attention to quality to earn good income from tea farming.
Apply the necessary fertilizer to the tea plant on time.
Water the tea garden regularly.
Spray organic pesticides to protect the tea garden from insects.
Store the tea leaves only after drying them well.
Store tea at the proper temperature to keep it fresh for a long time.
Use modern technology in tea farming.
Pay fair wages to the workers working in the tea garden.
Make tea farming professional.
Sell tea in the local market.
Plant new saplings to increase tea production.
Solve the problems in tea farming.
Inspect the tea garden regularly.
Sell tea leaves after grading them.
Write the production date and expiry date on the tea packet.
Use organic fertilizer to make tea healthy.
Wash the tea leaves with clean water.
Don't let water accumulate in the tea garden.
Provide training to attract young people to tea farming.
Mix compost manure well in the soil before planting paddy, the yield will increase.
When sowing wheat, check the seeds well before planting, otherwise they won't germinate.
When planting potatoes, arrange for drainage to prevent water from accumulating for irrigation.
The corn you planted in the field is infested with insects, immediately take measures to control the pests.
This year, use a slightly improved variety of vegetable seeds, you will get good fruit.
If you see the problem of fruit falling in the apple orchard, increase the use of fertile soil.
Get the soil tested before planting lentil, fertilizer should be used according to the soil.
Plow the field soil well before planting millet.
To protect soybeans from diseases, use organic pesticides.
When planting cardamom seedlings, keep a proper distance, plant in a sunny place.
This season is the best time to plant ginger, prepare the seedlings.
Before planting paddy seeds, get the soil tested, it increases production.
When irrigating wheat crops, don't let water accumulate, there's a chance of root rot.
For planting mustard in this Rabi season, manage the fertilizer amount properly.
Using modern equipment during paddy harvesting saves time and labor.
When digging potatoes, don't let the potatoes get bruised, store them well.
Your field has a paddy stem borer infestation, so spray pesticide.
Weather changes can affect fruits, so inspect them regularly.
Contact the cooperative to get a fair price for the wheat you produced.
Don't forget to treat the paddy seeds before putting them in the nursery.
Manage fertilizer on time for the corn you have planted.
If you plant potatoes in the field this year, it seems like there will be good income.
Arrange transportation to get the oranges from your garden to the market.
Use improved seeds when cultivating lentils, it increases production.
To get good production from finger millet cultivation, weed it from time to time.
Contact an agricultural technician to get information about soybean diseases.
Contact the agriculture office for fertilizer and seeds needed for cardamom cultivation.
Choose a place where water doesn't accumulate when planting ginger, to prevent root rot.
For good paddy production, manage fertilizer and irrigation on time.
Use pesticide to protect wheat from brown rust disease.
Manage irrigation properly in potato farming, too much water can rot the potatoes.
There's an outbreak of fall armyworm in maize, control it immediately.
Increase the use of organic fertilizer in vegetable farming, it increases soil fertility.
Water fruit plants regularly, the fruits will grow well.
If you are looking for a market to sell lentils, contact the nearby হাট বাজার (haat bazaar).
Foods made from millet flour are very beneficial for health, increase its cultivation.
Soybean oil is good for health, so pay attention to its cultivation.
Use organic pesticides to protect cardamom plants from insects.
Don't make the field too muddy when planting paddy.
If there is a chance of rain during wheat harvesting, cover it with plastic.
Don't store potatoes by drying them in the sun, they may sprout.
Plant tall plants around the maize plant to protect it from the wind.
Reduce the use of chemical fertilizers in vegetables, it affects health.
Store the fruits you produce in a cold store to sell at a fair price.
Don't plant lentils in places where water accumulates, production will decrease.
Prepare the soil well before sowing millet seeds.
Dry soybeans well in the sun when storing them.
Use fertilizer in cardamom farming only after testing the soil.
When planting ginger, treat the seeds well before planting.
Providing compost fertilizer training in this post-earthquake drought would greatly relieve the farmers.
Farmers who grow vegetables using organic fertilizer this Rabi season should be encouraged.
If the use of natural pesticides can be increased, the fertility of the soil can be preserved.
If you understand the soil biology and fertilize accordingly, the crops will thrive.
Farmers are discouraged because the organic production certification process is cumbersome.
If consumer awareness programs can be taken to villages, the demand for organic products will increase.
The soil can be made healthy by using compost fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
Water management should be done for irrigation when doing organic farming in winter.
Natural pesticides should be used as the use of pesticides reduces soil fertility.
If the market price of organic products is good, it will benefit the farmers.
Farmers are interested in learning how to make fertilizer for organic farming.
If farmers are trained to make natural pesticides, the use of chemical pesticides can be reduced.
It is necessary to conduct consumer awareness programs to increase the demand for organic products.
There is a problem due to the lack of necessary materials to make compost fertilizer.
It is troublesome to have to certify the products produced from organic farming.
Good yields can be obtained by cultivating crops keeping in mind the soil biology.
The use of chemical fertilizers can be reduced by using organic fertilizers.
Farmers should be informed about organic farming.
Initiatives should be taken to increase the market price of organic products.
Using compost fertilizer makes the soil fertile.
Using natural pesticides protects the environment.
Because of consumer awareness, the demand for organic products has started to increase.
To improve soil biology, organic fertilizer should be used.
The organic production certification process should be simplified.
Training is necessary to make compost fertilizer.
Consumer awareness programs explain the importance of organic products.
To keep soil biology in balance, organic farming should be done.
The market price of organic products should be determined.
Production can be increased by using compost fertilizer.
Using natural pesticides keeps the soil healthy.
Due to lack of consumer awareness, the demand for organic products is low.
Fertilizing should be done after studying soil biology.
Help should be provided for the certification of organic products.
The method of making compost fertilizer is easy.
Necessary materials should be provided to make natural pesticides.
Various programs should be organized to increase consumer awareness.
It is good to farm keeping soil biology in mind.
The government should help increase the market price of organic products.
Using natural pesticides benefits human health.
Media should be used for consumer awareness.
If you understand soil biology and farm, you can get more production with less investment.
The fee for organic product certification should be reduced.
Using compost fertilizer in the Rabi season gives good yield.
If farmers are trained to make natural pesticides, the use of chemical pesticides will be reduced.
There have been complaints about problems due to lack of materials needed to make compost fertilizer.
Farmers are frustrated because the organic product certification process is complicated.
It was very difficult to dry the grain this year due to lack of water.
Since a good price is only obtained by grading, I will pay attention to that from now on.
There was a lot of damage due to insects in storage, now we have to adopt measures to control insects.
It is difficult to preserve food during the rainy season, so I had to sell a lot of goods this year.
There is a fear of spoilage when transporting goods due to improper packaging.
Due to the lack of cold storage, we are forced to sell vegetables cheaply.
Due to lack of warehouse, it is difficult to store goods until we get a good price.
This year, it didn't rain during the rice harvesting, so we were able to dry it well.
Due to the lack of grading machines, we are forced to sort by hand.
Has the government brought any new plans for food preservation?
When storing in the post-monsoon, it should be protected from moisture.
If the packaging is not good, the goods will be crushed and damaged during transportation.
Temperature should be taken care of when storing in winter.
After a lot of damage in storage, I'm thinking of building a new warehouse.
If you can keep food items in a dry place, they last longer.
Good packaging is needed to keep food items safe.
Traders only give priority to goods that have been graded.
Because there's no cold storage, I had to sell the fruits cheaply.
This year there was a good potato harvest, but there's a storage problem.
I had to sell all the grain because I was afraid of insects in storage.
Grading is necessary for farmers to get a fair price for their produce.
You have to pay attention to packaging when transporting food items.
You have to be careful about the temperature when storing before the monsoon.
This time, due to lack of water, we couldn't dry the grain, so there seems to be a problem with storage.
We are forced to use pesticides to control insects in storage.
The government should arrange training for food preservation.
You get a good price when you sell after grading well.
Cold storage facilities should be available in the village too.
Modern warehouses are needed to reduce damage in storage.
The government should encourage the packaging industry.
If you dry the grain well and store it, it lasts a long time.
You should only send goods to the market after grading them.
New technology should be used for food preservation.
When storing goods in the warehouse, it should be in a ventilated place.
While packaging, you have to pay attention to the quality of the goods.
When storing in winter, it should be protected from the cold.
If grading machines were cheap, it would be very convenient for farmers.
Due to the lack of water, the grains could not be dried well this time.
If there is damage in storage, you have to apply to the insurance company.
The government should provide grants for food preservation.
Goods with good grading have a high price in the market.
Farmers have suffered a lot of losses due to the lack of cold storage.
When storing goods in the warehouse, it should be protected from insects.
Environmentally friendly materials should be used while packaging.
If the grain is dried well and stored, the possibility of mold is reduced.
When selling after grading, consumers also get quality goods.
Local government should also take initiative for food preservation.
Does anyone here know at what rate wheat seeds are available?
Has the government brought any new plans for this year's winter crops?
Why has the price of tomatoes decreased compared to potatoes and onions?
What should be done to avoid fertilizer shortages during rice planting?
Where would it be good to take the wheat produced from the farming done by us women together to sell?
This year's orange production was not as expected, what could be the reason?
Does this compost fertilizer work well for vegetable farming?
Does anyone know if this pesticide kills the pests on the crops?
Where should I apply to get a subsidy for wheat seeds?
What do I need to do to sell corn at the support price set by the government?
What kind of soil is suitable for rice cultivation in this area?
What kind of wheat seed variety is good to use when planting in this season?
Has the government introduced any special agricultural loan schemes for women farmers?
Is there a possibility that the rice support price will increase this year?
My wheat has got a disease, what should I do now?
What is the estimated apple-growing season like this year?
Does climate change affect wheat production?
Where can I find a good market to sell the lentils I produced?
How will this time's rainfall affect the wheat crop?
Is it necessary to do a soil test when growing wheat?
What will be the rice production like in this year's Kharip season?
Where can women farmers find agricultural training?
What should be done to avoid diseases in wheat cultivation?
Is there a possibility of water shortage during rice planting?
How much does potato seed cost this year?
My corn has pests, what should I do?
What kind of support does the government provide for rice farming?
Can women get agricultural insurance?
What's the estimated wheat production this year?
How do women farmers get agricultural loans?
Does the government provide subsidies for wheat seeds?
How much investment will be needed for rice farming this year?
Are there any special agricultural programs for women farmers?
Where can I find wheat seeds?
How much income will there be from this wheat farming season?
Does the government also provide subsidies for vegetable farming?
What kind of fertilizer should I use when farming rice?
Where is the market for agricultural products produced by women?
Can modern technology be used in agriculture?
Why has orange production decreased this year?
How is the price of wheat produced by women farmers determined?
Is training required for wheat farming?
What is the method of planting rice?
How can women achieve success in agriculture?
Has any new technology come in agriculture?
What will be the price of wheat this year?
What kind of soil is needed for rice farming?
What kind of problems do women farmers face in agriculture?
Is the role of women important in agriculture?
How to stay safe from wheat crop diseases?
I'm scared that there's more risk of disease in poultry farming than in cow farming.
I've seen that selling cow ghee is more profitable than selling buffalo milk.
Goat farming requires a lot of hard work, but the returns are less compared to cow farming.
Fish farming requires a lot of investment in the beginning, but in cow farming, you can add investment gradually.
You can earn a good income by producing honey from beekeeping, which is easier than cow farming.
It is more difficult to manage waste in pig farming than in cow farming.
Sheep farming is good in the Himalayan region, but cow farming is easier in the Terai.
Chyangra farming requires cold weather, which is more suitable than for cow farming.
The feed for chickens is more expensive than the feed for cows.
It is easy to take care of cows in winter, but it is more difficult to protect goats from the cold than cows.
Cow dung can be used as fertilizer, but chicken manure is more powerful than cow dung.
It is better to plow by hand than to use a power tiller for cow farming.
It is more difficult to manage water in fish farming than in cow farming.
Jersey cows give more milk than local cows.
It is easier to insure a cow, but it is more complicated to insure a buffalo.
It is easier to get a loan for cow farming, but it is more difficult for goat farming.
It's easier to feed grass to cows than to sheep.
Medicine for goats is more expensive than medicine for cows.
One person is enough to take care of cows, but you need more people to take care of pigs.
You can earn more with less investment in beekeeping than in cow farming.
You can earn faster in chicken farming than in cow farming.
Managing grass is important for cow farming, but managing water is even more important for fish farming.
There's less risk in beekeeping, but more profit in cow farming.
Goats get sick faster than cows.
Managing grazing land is harder in sheep farming than in cow farming.
Buffalo milk has more fat than cow milk.
It's harder to manage the amount of feed for chickens than for cows.
You can make biogas from cow dung, but it's more complicated to make it from chicken droppings than from cow dung.
Sheep need more care in winter than cows.
Beekeeping needs less manpower than cow farming.
You have to take goats farther away for grass than cows.
There's more of a smell problem in pig farming than in cow farming.
It's easier to produce honey in beekeeping than to produce milk in cow farming.
You earn as much selling cow's milk as you do selling chyangra wool.
Clothes made from sheep's wool are more expensive than clothes made from cow's wool.
Fish farming needs more training than cow farming.
Compared to cow farming, managing space is easier in chicken farming.
Even with less investment than cow farming, beekeeping has good income.
As much as cow dung is useful for fertilizer, earthworm fertilizer is even more useful than cow dung.
Cows need to be fed regularly, while goats can be left open to graze, but due to lack of grazing land, it's harder to graze goats than to feed cows.
In chicken farming, there's more fear of dying from disease than in cow farming.
As easy as it is to earn money by selling honey in beekeeping, it is just as difficult to earn money by selling milk in cow farming.
More technical knowledge is needed in fish farming than in cow farming.
It is more profitable to sell yogurt than to sell cow's milk, but it is more difficult to sell yogurt than to sell cow's milk.
There is less risk of natural disasters in beekeeping than in cow farming.
Income can be earned faster in chicken farming than in cow farming, so I find chicken farming easier than cow farming.
As good as cow manure is for the field, fish manure is also good, but fish manure is less available than cow manure.
Instead of planting grass for cow farming, it is easier to plant flowers for beekeeping.
It is more difficult to recover investment in goat farming than in cow farming, because goat milk produces less than cow milk.
It is easier to attract young people to beekeeping than to cow farming, because it requires less effort and generates faster income.
Does it make any difference in price when selling through cooperative marketing?
The price of fertilizer increased this Rabi season, causing a lot of problems.
The price has dropped drastically in the local market, what to do?
Farmers have stopped getting fair prices because of middlemen, what to do now?
How to register our product in the online market?
We need to bring and plant new seeds this spring.
What if the cooperative arranged for direct sales?
Does anyone know what's needed to make export documents?
The cooperative should do something because the price is fluctuating a lot.
It would be good if the cooperative subsidized seeds for farmers.
What will happen to the crops if it rains a lot this monsoon?
The cooperative should take initiative to get good prices in the local market.
The cooperative should provide modern tractors to the farmers.
Who do you think gives training for online marketing?
The cooperative should inform the members about cooperative marketing.
This year, we had to use a lot of pesticides to control insects.
Middlemen buy at very low prices, how to stop that?
How to manage transportation when the cooperative sells directly?
What should we do to increase the demand for our product in the local market?
The cooperative can make an app to sell goods in the online market.
How much benefit do farmers get from cooperative marketing?
Production decreased this year's Rabi season due to low rainfall.
Does anyone know how prices are determined in the local market?
There are complaints that middlemen are cheating farmers.
How to attract customers when selling directly?
Should the cooperative provide training on making compost fertilizer?
How to set the price of goods in the online market?
It would be good if the cooperative arranged to rent modern tractors.
This year's monsoon floods destroyed many crops.
The cooperative should provide training to reduce the use of pesticides.
Should we put up a cooperative stall in the local market?
The cooperative should build a place to test seeds.
Farmers should be informed about price fluctuations.
What are the rules for selling goods in the online market?
Does the government provide any assistance for cooperative marketing?
How to manage packaging when selling directly?
There is a lot of competition in the local market, what to do?
We have suffered a lot of losses because of the middlemen.
The cooperative should arrange for farmers to get loans.
Should we use new technology seeds this spring?
How to advertise our products in the online market?
The cooperative should study the local market from time to time.
Many farmers are complaining that the cardamom seedlings are not good this year.
Due to the lack of fertilizer, farmers have not been able to plant paddy on time.
There was a problem with the quality of wheat seeds, many complained.
Farmers are complaining that they are not allowed to sell vegetables at the price fixed by the government.
This year orange production has dropped a lot, farmers are disappointed.
Couldn't get lentil seeds on time, so planting was delayed.
It's so hard to find millet seeds, where to get them?
Soybean seeds are expensive, can't afford to buy them.
Looks like the ginger seeds have a disease, production will decrease.
There are complaints about rice seeds being mixed with other stuff, it should be investigated.
Wheat seeds didn't sprout because they had mold, what to do?
Many people's corn farming was ruined because they didn't get seeds on time.
Vegetable seeds are so expensive, how to farm?
There are complaints about not getting good fruit plants when buying them.
Lentil production decreased because the seeds had insects.
Farmers are having problems because the price of rice seeds has increased.
Many farmers are complaining about not getting subsidies for wheat seeds.
Have to stand in line to buy corn seeds.
There are complaints that vegetable seeds have low disease resistance.
It's been a year since I planted the fruit plant, but it hasn't started bearing fruit.
Lentil production was affected because the seeds were received late.
Couldn't find millet seeds even after going to many places.
The government hasn't given subsidies for soybean seeds, I wonder why?
Many farmers suffered losses because the ginger seeds were not good.
Who to inform about the problem with the paddy seeds?
Registering at the cooperative to buy wheat seeds is such a hassle.
The corn seeds were low quality, so production was affected.
There's no one to give information about vegetable seeds.
There's no training available on how to plant fruit saplings.
Even with chemical fertilizer, lentil seed production didn't increase.
This year the price of paddy seeds has skyrocketed, how to buy?
Many farmers are worried because the wheat seeds have insects.
The agriculture office didn't provide any help for corn seeds.
The use of pesticides on vegetable seeds is increasing, this must be stopped.
There's no soil testing facility for the place where fruit saplings are planted.
There's a high demand for lentil seeds, but the supply is low.
No one is willing to give information about millet seeds.
Because there's no subsidy for soybean seeds, I didn't feel like farming.
No one cared about the disease in ginger seeds.
It's a problem because the lab to check the quality of paddy seeds is far away.
The government subsidy for wheat seeds wasn't received on time.
The employee giving information about corn seeds didn't explain it well.
The plan to farm was postponed because the price of vegetable seeds increased.
The fertilizer needed for fruit saplings wasn't available on time.
Who solves the problem with the lentil seeds?
Even after going to the agriculture office many times for finger millet seeds, I didn't get any.
The website providing information about soybean seeds has wrong information.
Due to the disease in ginger seeds, many farmers lost their investment.
When I complained about rice seeds, no one listened.
Farmers are suffering because the price of cardamom seedlings has increased.
Since there is less water this year, is it better to plant local seeds?
What will happen if we use hybrid seeds when there is a water shortage, let's discuss.
The cooperative has brought improved seeds, we should go and have a look.
They say that planting seeds after treating them reduces the chance of disease, is that true?
It will be difficult to plant winter crops due to the water problem, what to do?
We have a policy of distributing only certified seeds to farmers.
We need to send the seeds to the lab to check the quality, the water shortage seems to be a problem.
The cooperative has arranged concessional loans for fertilizers and seeds.
There will be less water this Rabi season, we should choose seeds that grow with less water.
The cooperative is planning to build a new warehouse for seed storage.
Due to the lack of water, I am in doubt whether to plant wheat seeds this time or not.
I heard that improved seeds require a lot of water, is this true?
Farmers say that local seeds give good yield even with less water.
The cooperative is planning to provide training to farmers regarding seed selection.
We need information on how to store seeds to maintain their quality.
There's a chance of less water this year, is it better to choose local seeds instead of hybrid seeds?
The cooperative has a program to subsidize improved seeds, please fill out the form.
It's hard for seeds to germinate without water, so seed treatment is important.
It's not enough to just plant certified seeds, the soil also needs to be good.
What are the things to keep in mind when storing seeds, please tell me.
Since there's less water this year, should I plant corn seeds instead of paddy?
What could be the reason for not getting good yield even after using improved seeds?
Local seeds are on the verge of disappearing, they need to be conserved.
The cooperative has allocated a separate budget for seed quality testing.
It's good to get expert advice when choosing seeds due to water scarcity.
I'm worried about how to protect the seeds when there's no rain in the winter season.
I heard that hybrid seeds produce even with less water, how true is this?
The pesticide needed for seed treatment is available at the cooperative.
You need to contact the agriculture office for certified seeds.
Seeds should be protected from the cold when storing, otherwise they lose their germination power.
Which seed is profitable to plant this year due to water scarcity, please advise.
The cooperative has organized a program to inform farmers about improved seeds.
The demand for local seeds is increasing, its production should be increased.
Seeds should not be distributed without quality testing.
Because of lack of water, planting seeds got delayed, what to do now?
When choosing seeds for winter crops, soil testing should be done.
Hybrid seeds are expensive, causing problems for farmers.
After treating the seeds, for how many days can they be planted?
This form needs to be filled out for certified seeds.
How to protect seeds from insects during storage?
Due to water scarcity, which seed gives more production with less investment?
There are complaints that production hasn't increased even after using improved seeds.
What plans has the cooperative made for the conservation of local seeds?
Is the decrease in production due to the deterioration of seed quality?
What are the things to consider when selecting seeds due to water scarcity?
What is the demand for seeds for the Rabi season?
It is said that hybrid seeds also require a lot of chemical fertilizer, is it true?
Agricultural technicians should be called to provide training for seed treatment.
What is the price of certified seeds?
The place where seeds are stored should have adequate ventilation.
It is necessary to explain the importance of soil testing to the farmers.
Due to water scarcity, soil degradation is increasing.
The correct use of fertilizer can increase soil fertility.
We should provide training to farmers on making compost fertilizer.
Mulching in the fields helps to maintain soil moisture.
Soil health can be improved by adopting crop rotation.
Using green manure can reduce the use of chemical fertilizers.
Planting trees is necessary to prevent land degradation.
Proper use of irrigation equipment can save water.
Excessive use of chemical fertilizers negatively affects soil quality.
Special plans should be brought to protect the soil in the pre-monsoon season.
It seems that the soil condition needs to be improved in the post-monsoon season.
Necessary preparations should be made to increase soil fertility in the spring season.
Soil testing during the harvesting season makes it easier to plan for the future.
Although using a tractor makes it easier to plow the field, it can affect the soil.
A major cause of land degradation is also indiscriminate mining.
Soil testing provides information on the necessary elements in the soil.
Emphasis should be placed on the use of organic fertilizers to increase soil fertility.
Farmers should be encouraged to make compost fertilizer.
Mulching in the fields helps to control weeds.
Crop rotation maintains the balance of nutrients in the soil.
Green manure increases the amount of nitrogen in the soil.
The government should bring special programs to prevent land degradation.
Lime can be used to reduce soil acidity.
We should arrange training to give farmers information about soil.
We should use modern equipment for irrigation.
Soil degradation negatively affects agricultural production.
Necessary equipment for soil testing should be made available.
Farmers should be taught how to make compost fertilizer.
We should reduce the use of plastic when mulching.
The use of green manure improves the physical condition of the soil.
Community forests should be protected to prevent soil degradation.
Soil acidity testing kits should be delivered to every village.
The use of power tillers saves time and labor.
Farmers should be provided with the necessary pipes for irrigation.
Many farmers are facing problems due to soil degradation.
Fertilizer use should be suggested according to the soil test report.
Farmers have experienced increased production when using compost fertilizer.
Mulching protects the soil from direct sunlight.
Crop rotation strengthens the soil structure.
The use of green manure increases the soil's water absorption capacity.
River control work should be done to prevent soil degradation.
Crop production decreases if soil acidity increases.
Various programs should be conducted to explain the importance of soil to farmers.
We should teach how to collect rainwater for irrigation.
If we manage fertilizer properly, the soil health will be good.
I've come to the agriculture extension office to learn about the export document process.
I want to understand what the possibility of cooperative marketing is in this area.
There's a problem because the price of potatoes has decreased in the local market.
Due to the lack of fertilizer, it was late to plant the rabi crop this time.
Farmers are not getting fair prices because of middlemen.
I need help to sell my products in the online market.
Has the agriculture office brought any new plans regarding seeds?
Due to climate change, there was a lot of loss in this year's kharif season.
Selling directly benefits both consumers and farmers.
The price of goods stored in cold storage is fluctuating a lot in the market.
Vegetable production is expected to increase in the post-monsoon.
We should adopt organic methods to reduce the use of pesticides.
The agriculture extension office probably gives information about fertilizer.
What should we do to make export documents for the goods we produce?
Many farmers benefit from the cooperative farming system.
There is a problem after the demand decreased in the local market.
There was a problem in the pre-monsoon this time because it didn't rain on time.
I don't know how to register in the online market.
Is there any grant for increasing cold storage capacity?
How long does it take to make export documents?
What do I need to do to become a member of the cooperative?
What can be done to increase demand in the local market?
What should be done to increase production in the Rabi season?
What is the solution to remove the middleman?
Online market has made it easier for village farmers.
Does the agriculture office provide training about pesticides?
This time the paddy production was good in the post-monsoon.
It's difficult to farm because the price of fertilizer has increased.
There is a problem delivering goods to the wholesale market.
It would be good to get weather forecast information on time.
What are the necessary documents for export documents?
How does the cooperative help the farmers?
There is a problem because there is a lot of competition in the local market.
Corn production decreased because it didn't rain in the pre-monsoon.
There is a complaint that middlemen cheat farmers.
Training is needed to use the online market platform.
The price of vegetables decreases in the post-monsoon.
How to sell your product in the wholesale market?
Will the agriculture office have a camp to give info about export documents?
If you join a cooperative, you can get fertilizer and seeds cheaper.
You have to produce according to the demand of the local market.
Hopefully, the wheat production will be good this Rabi season.
You get more profit if you sell directly.
How to advertise my product in the online market?
The agriculture extension office gives information about pesticide use.
What will be the price of paddy during the buying season?
Do you need a license to sell goods in the wholesale market?
Price fluctuations have hurt the farmers.
Be careful, haphazardly storing hybrid seeds can degrade their quality.
Protect seeds from moisture when storing, otherwise their germination capacity decreases.
Not treating improved seeds before planting increases the chance of disease.
There is a risk of pests when storing local seeds for a long time.
Planting seeds without testing their quality is like taking a risk.
Don't store seeds in a place where light enters, it affects germination.
Only use certified seeds, otherwise production may decrease.
Take special precautions when storing seeds during the rainy season, they can get moldy.
Dry the seeds well before storing them, otherwise they may rot.
Using chemical fertilizers can negatively affect seed quality.
If the seed container isn't clean, the seeds can get diseases.
When storing seeds before the monsoon, keep them at the right temperature.
If you store seeds without processing them, you might have problems later.
Don't store seeds in a very hot place, they might spoil.
Only store seeds after drying them in the sun during harvest season, otherwise bugs will get to them.
Stop cold air from getting into the seed storage area.
Production can decrease if there's a lack of quality seeds, manage it on time.
If you reuse hybrid seeds, the production might not be uniform.
Close the windows and doors when storing seeds, light affects them.
Seeds can sweat when stored in plastic bags, pay attention.
Check the seeds well before storing them, if they have bugs, it can spread to others.
Keep checking the seeds from time to time when storing them for a long time.
Use chemicals carefully when storing seeds.
Local seeds are in danger of disappearing if stored incorrectly.
Pay special attention during storage to maintain the quality of the seeds.
Don't keep seeds where it might rain, they'll lose their ability to sprout.
Protect seeds from rats during storage, they can cause damage.
The quality of the seeds decreases if you use the wrong chemicals for seed processing.
Store seeds in a place with air circulation, otherwise they might get moldy.
Remove dust and dirt before storing seeds, they can get infected.
If you see mold when storing seeds, remove it immediately, it will affect other seeds too.
Using poor quality seeds can waste your effort and investment.
Keep the temperature and humidity level balanced when storing seeds, it will prevent spoilage.
Don't put seeds directly on the floor when storing them, the cold will affect them.
Use protective equipment when processing seeds, chemicals can affect you.
Don't forget to label when storing seeds, it can cause problems later.
Keep seeds out of reach of children when storing them, it can be unsafe.
Be careful when spraying pesticides in the seed storage area.
Storing seeds in excessive heat reduces germination capacity, pay attention.
Don't mix seeds with other materials when storing them, the quality may be affected.
Check seeds regularly when storing them, you'll know if there are insects or mold.
Storing seeds without processing increases the risk of disease, be aware.
Protect seeds from flies and other insects when storing them, they can cause damage.
Storing seeds for a long time reduces their viability, plant them on time.
If there is moisture in the seed storage container, the seeds may rot, be careful.
Protect seeds from animals like cats or dogs when storing them, it can get dirty.
Don't put seeds in direct sunlight when storing them, the quality will decrease.
Protect seeds from smoke and pollution when storing them, it will have an effect.
Don't store seeds in a very humid place, there is a possibility of mold.
Don't store seeds near chemical fertilizers, there may be a reaction.
I'm thinking of raising earthworms to make compost fertilizer, they say it's really good for the soil!
This Rabi season, I'm planning to plant wheat using organic fertilizer, let's see how it goes.
I've heard that using natural pesticides instead of chemical ones is good for soil health.
We learned a lot about soil biology in the farming we did together as women.
It would be great if I could get training on making compost fertilizer for organic farming.
The demand for organic products is increasing in the market, but the certification process is complicated.
It's been a little difficult to gather the materials needed to make compost fertilizer.
What should I do to increase soil fertility when doing organic farming?
The plants are starting to dry out because it didn't rain this pre-monsoon, we need to arrange irrigation.
I've heard that organic products get a good price in the market after certification.
They say using organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer is good for soil health!
We women farmers are learning how to make natural pesticides, it's very beneficial.
What can be done to increase consumer awareness of products produced from organic farming?
I have a power tiller to plow the field, but it needs to be repaired.
Where can I find earthworms for making fertilizer, does anyone know?
I'm thinking of using organic fertilizer this year during the potato planting season, what do you think?
Please give me information on how to get certified for organic production.
The equipment used for irrigation is broken, how do I fix it?
I heard that it's easy to control pests by using natural pesticides, but it wasn't effective.
I learned that in addition to making compost fertilizer, soil testing should also be done.
It's hard to get a good price for organic products because consumers aren't aware.
Plowing the field with a power tiller saves both time and labor.
I'm really happy to understand the importance of soil biology in organic farming.
Where can I find improved seeds for organic farming?
Is there anyone who teaches how to make natural pesticides?
It would have been much easier if I had training in making compost fertilizer.
It's very difficult to get a premium market for organic products.
This year, there were many problems due to lack of water during the rice planting season.
Is there any help from the agriculture office to buy a power tiller?
Where can I find more information about soil biology?
What alternatives can be used instead of chemical fertilizers when doing organic farming?
How much does it cost to get organic farming certified?
Is there a loan available to buy new equipment for irrigation?
What is an easy way to make compost fertilizer?
Consumer awareness programs should also be run in the villages.
What do you need to make natural pesticides?
Where can I find fertilizer and seeds for organic production?
What kind of seed is good for planting wheat this Rabi season?
Do you need training to operate a power tiller?
How to increase soil fertility when doing organic farming?
Does the government give any grants for buying irrigation equipment?
How to increase the market premium for organic products?
Does natural pesticide kill all insects or only some?
We should run programs on the radio to increase consumer awareness.
When is the training for raising earthworms to make fertilizer?
What documents are needed for organic product certification?
Is there anywhere I can rent a power tiller?
What things should be kept in mind when making compost fertilizer?
It seems like the canal water won't come on time this year due to water shortage from less rain.
Where can I find plastic pipes for drip irrigation, warehouse guy?
Is there anyone here who knows how to repair sprinkler irrigation?
It will be very expensive to irrigate by pumping underground water, what to do?
It would be a relief if we could collect rainwater and use it for irrigation.
It seems that water can be saved by working with an irrigation schedule.
It will be difficult to plant this year's Rabi crop due to water shortage.
Please give advice on how to manage fertilizer, seeds, and power tillers.
Will there be enough water to plant rice on time this Kharif season or not?
Does the government give any grants for drip irrigation?
Everyone should come together in the campaign to clean the canal for canal irrigation.
Although sprinkler irrigation saves water, it's a problem because it's expensive.
I'm scared that the water level will decrease because of extracting too much ground water.
What do you think about planning to dig a pond to collect rainwater?
If we don't work according to the irrigation schedule, the crops are more likely to dry out.
Because of the water shortage, the potato production will decrease this year.
Looks like the fertilizer storage will be ruined if water gets in.
Is there anyone who can teach me how to use a power tiller in the field?
Looks like there will be a water problem to grow vegetables this spring season.
It's been very difficult to irrigate because the canal water doesn't come regularly.
How much does it cost to install a drip irrigation system?
Where can I find the necessary equipment for sprinkler irrigation?
Looks like we need to dig a new boring to extract ground water.
It is easy to irrigate the kitchen garden by collecting rain water.
Without an irrigation schedule, there is conflict about who gets water when.
Due to lack of water, the paddy plants have started to dry, what to do?
I have deposited money in the cooperative for fertilizer and seeds, when will it come?
The power tiller is broken so I haven't been able to plow the field, how to repair it?
This year I'm thinking of buying a new motor for irrigation by selling rice in the harvest season.
What kind of rules has the consumer committee made for canal irrigation?
I heard that drip irrigation saves water and also increases production!
It is also easy to spray pesticides when using sprinkler irrigation.
Over-extraction of groundwater can cause problems in the future.
How much does it cost to build a rainwater harvesting tank?
They say we have to make an irrigation schedule and submit it to the rural municipality!
Going to the cooperative to get fertilizer means the hassle of standing in line.
It would be much easier if I could get training to operate a power tiller.
I'm thinking of growing flowers this spring season, but how will I get water?
There's a problem of whose field to irrigate first after the canal water comes.
There's a problem with the drip irrigation pipe, it's leaking, how to fix it?
Where can I find technical assistance to install sprinkler irrigation?
The electricity bill is very high when irrigating by pumping groundwater.
Rainwater can also be collected and used to feed livestock.
After publishing the irrigation schedule, all farmers should be informed.
Due to lack of water, maize production will decrease this year.
It was late to cultivate because fertilizer and seeds were not available on time.
It's going to cost a lot to rent a power tiller and plow the field.
It is very difficult to plant rice during the Kharif season due to lack of water.
Everyone should work together for irrigation maintenance.
There was less rain this monsoon season, so I couldn't plant rice, is there any help from the cooperative for irrigation?
I don't know how, but potato blight has occurred this Rabi season, what to do now?
Due to climate change, weather forecasts are not accurate these days, how to farm?
Hailstorm wiped out all the onion seedlings, can I get some loan from the cooperative to plant again?
This year the corn dried up due to drought because it didn't rain on time, will the cooperative provide any relief?
Does the cooperative provide any climate adaptation training for women farmers?
Does the cooperative provide any assistance to farmers affected by floods and landslides?
Is there a system for weather forecast information to come via SMS on mobile?
This year brown rust disease has appeared in wheat, what to do, does anyone in the cooperative know?
Does the cooperative provide any subsidy on power tillers for women farmers?
Has the cooperative introduced an agricultural insurance program, and if so, how to participate?
This year potato blight has affected potatoes, can I get some discount on pesticides from the cooperative?
Can the cooperative provide fertilizer to the farmers on time?
Does the cooperative provide any loan to women farmers to buy agricultural tools?
This year stem borers have plagued the paddy, what to do now, does anyone know?
Has this cooperative provided crop insurance facility for the farmers?
It rained a lot this year, how to save the paddy, does the cooperative have any solutions?
Does the cooperative provide any subsidy to farmers on improved seeds?
Does the cooperative provide any discount on agricultural inputs for women farmers?
Wheat production will decrease this year due to lack of winter rain, what to do?
Does the cooperative teach farmers to farm according to the season?
Vegetable crops have been damaged this year due to continuous rain, what to do?
What documents are required to get an agricultural loan from the cooperative?
Does the cooperative give any subsidies on irrigation equipment for women farmers?
This year, the rice plants got root rot disease, how to cure it?
Does the cooperative give weather information to farmers from time to time?
This year, hailstones damaged the fruit plants, what to do now?
Does the cooperative provide training to farmers to learn new technologies?
Does the cooperative give loans to women farmers at low interest rates?
This year, the corn production decreased due to drought, how to feed the family now?
Does the cooperative help farmers to do soil testing?
This year, armyworms attacked the rice, how to control it?
Has the cooperative created a mobile app to provide agricultural information to farmers?
What percentage of discount does the cooperative give to women farmers on seeds?
This year, continuous floods submerged the paddy crop, is there any relief available?
Does the cooperative provide information to farmers about agricultural insurance?
This year, brown spot appeared on the wheat, what to do?
Has the cooperative arranged for farmers to rent agricultural tools?
What kind of support does the cooperative provide to women farmers for vegetable farming?
This year, potatoes got tuber rot disease, how to treat it?
Has the cooperative arranged for farmers to consult with agricultural experts?
This year, rice got blast disease, is there any solution?
Does the cooperative provide subsidies to farmers on water pumping motors?
Do cooperatives provide fertilizer making training to women farmers?
This year the drought dried up the grass, what should we feed the livestock?
Does the cooperative encourage farmers to do organic farming?
This year the hailstorm destroyed the flower plants too, what to do?
Does the cooperative help farmers in marketing agricultural products?
What kind of help does the cooperative provide to women farmers for mushroom farming?
Wheat production wasn't good this year, does the cooperative provide any subsidies?
How to manage grass for cattle in this drought, is there any solution?
Which breed of buffalo is good to raise when there is a water shortage, that needs less water?
What kind of feed can be given to goats when there is a lack of water?
How to supply water to chickens during a drought, is there any cheap way?
How does water scarcity affect beekeeping, and how can it be reduced?
How to do fish farming when there is less water, is there any special technology?
How to manage water for pig farming, can I get some information?
What kind of animal feed should be given to sheep in a drought to keep them healthy?
How to save yaks in water scarcity, are there any special measures?
How to manage the water needed for livestock, is there any training?
Can the seed bank help with anything for animal feed?
What could be the alternative to grass for animals in a drought?
What is the way to reuse water for animal husbandry?
How to solve the problem of fodder for animals this year since it hasn't rained?
How to manage the animal feed that animals need?
What can be done to reduce the impact of water scarcity on animal husbandry?
Where can I find animal feed to feed the cows in this drought?
How to keep buffaloes healthy when there is a water shortage?
What kind of feed is good to give goats during a drought?
What food should be given to chickens when there is a water shortage?
How does water scarcity affect beekeeping?
How to manage water for fish farming?
What effect does water scarcity have on pig farming?
How to save sheep in a drought?
How to solve the problem of water scarcity in yak farming?
How to manage water for livestock?
Does the seed bank provide any help for animal feed?
Are seeds for animal feed available at this seed bank?
Can I get information on what kind of animal feed to give to which animal in this drought?
Can we manage water for our animals here?
How to protect animals from getting sick in a drought?
What vitamins and minerals should be given to animals in water scarcity?
Has the seed bank developed drought-resistant animal feed?
Can we arrange a grass cutting machine for the animals during this drought?
When is the silage making training for feeding the animals due to lack of water?
Is there any loan facility available here for animal husbandry?
Can I get information about the livestock insurance plan?
Are there any animal health camps conducted here?
How to keep the animals clean in the absence of water?
Has the seed bank conducted any special programs for livestock farmers?
How to keep the animals stress-free during the drought?
Are the necessary medicines for animals available here?
Which vaccines should be given to the animals in the absence of water?
What kind of fertilizer is needed in the greenhouse when planting improved seeds?
What things should be considered before seed treatment of hybrid seeds?
What should be done to protect local seeds from disease?
Is there any simple way to check the quality of seeds?
What precautions should women farmers take when treating seeds?
What is the difference between planting certified seeds in a greenhouse compared to other seeds?
How to protect seeds from cold during storage?
How to select improved seeds during the harvesting season?
What kind of preparation should be done for seeds to be planted in the post-monsoon season?
Where can I get information about hybrid seeds to be planted in the pre-monsoon season?
Where can I find local seeds for the spring season?
How does using fertilizer affect the quality of seeds?
When planting seeds with a power tiller, is seed treatment necessary?
Does using a tractor in female-led farming make any difference in seed selection?
What should the seed placement be like in a greenhouse?
Should I do a soil test to improve seed quality?
Can this hybrid seed be planted without seed treatment?
How much water is needed when planting improved seeds?
What should be done to increase the production of local seeds?
Are certified seeds more expensive than other seeds?
What should be the amount of fertilizer when planting hybrid seeds?
What kind of soil is needed for improved seeds?
How long can these local seeds be stored?
Where can I get training on how to check seed quality?
Do seeds need to be planted immediately after seed treatment?
How much does this certified seed cost?
What should be the temperature when storing seeds?
How deep should improved seeds be planted?
How often should this hybrid seed be irrigated?
How can local seeds be improved?
Does the quality of the seed depend on the fertility of the soil?
Where can I find this certified seed?
What should the light be like when storing seeds?
Can hybrid seeds be used again next year?
When is the improved variety of seed produced?
Where can I find more information about this local variety of seed?
What should be done to improve the quality of seeds?
Does it have any effect if seeds are planted without treatment?
In how many days does this certified seed germinate?
What is the correct way to store seeds?
How much fertilizer does the improved variety of seed need?
Should weed killer be used when planting hybrid seeds?
How to protect local seeds from disease?
Where is the laboratory to check the quality of seeds?
Should seed-treated seeds be dried in the sun?
How to apply for certified seed?
What should the air be like when storing seeds?
Since the earthquake has weakened the soil, stop soil degradation by mulching.
Register at the agriculture office to take training on making compost fertilizer.
Strengthen the soil by using green manure before planting crops.
Before planting wheat in the Rabi season, get your soil fertility tested.
Use organic fertilizer in the fields to prevent soil degradation.
Keep the soil healthy by using compost fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
Try crop rotation this year, it's good for the soil.
To reduce soil degradation, manage your fields by terracing.
Get your soil tested now for the upcoming Kharif season.
To increase soil fertility, apply compost before plowing with a power tiller.
Looks like we need to use fertilizer according to the soil test report.
Ask the agricultural technician what materials to use when mulching in the field.
Before planting potatoes in the Rabi season, add organic fertilizer to the soil.
Plant more trees in the fields to prevent soil degradation.
Get information about the materials needed to make compost fertilizer from the agriculture office.
Consult with an expert on what crops to plant in the soil after the earthquake.
When using a power tiller, don't disturb the soil surface too much.
Use fertilizer only according to the soil's needs.
Manage water properly in the fields to control soil degradation.
Before planting rice in the Kharif season, replenish the necessary nutrients in the soil.
Take training for earthworm farming to make compost fertilizer.
Soil testing is mandatory to restore earthquake-damaged soil to its original condition.
Apply to the agriculture office to get a power tiller on subsidy.
To balance fertilizer in the soil, take advice from an agriculture expert.
To reduce soil degradation, increase the use of organic fertilizer in the fields.
It's important to know how to prepare the soil for planting mustard in the Rabi season.
Go to the training organized by the rural municipality to learn how to make compost fertilizer.
Wheat doesn't grow well in land cracked by the earthquake, you need to fertilize it.
Looks like I need to go to the agriculture training center to learn how to operate a power tiller.
It's important to understand how the use of fertilizer affects the soil.
To prevent soil degradation, plant grass on the edges of the field.
It's good to get a soil test before planting corn in the Kharif season.
Start gathering the materials needed to make compost fertilizer.
Be careful when using fertilizer in soil weakened by the earthquake.
Even though the power tiller works faster, you also have to pay attention to the health of the soil.
Get a soil test to find out the correct amount of fertilizer to use.
Plant trees around the field to prevent soil degradation.
Please teach me how to prepare the soil before planting lentils in the Rabi season.
Looks like it's easier to store improved seeds than local seeds in the warehouse.
Planting improved wheat this year will be much better than planting local wheat.
Using compost fertilizer is much more beneficial for the soil than using chemical fertilizer.
How do I know if the quality of my seeds is better than others?
Hybrid seeds gave a better yield in my field compared to others.
I heard the seeds the government gives are better than other seeds, but it wasn't like that.
Using bamboo mulch is more eco-friendly than using plastic mulch.
This year, treating rice seeds before planting is more beneficial than not doing it.
Storing seeds well during the rainy season is more important than at other times.
Instead of just believing what others say, you should check the quality of the seeds yourself before planting.
You can get faster production from hybrid seeds compared to local seeds.
Planting corn seeds this Kharif season is more challenging than last year.
Using improved seeds has a higher chance of increasing production than local seeds.
Hybrid seeds need a lot of fertilizer, local seeds don't need that much.
There's less chance of rain this time when planting rice compared to last year.
Pay attention when storing seeds, if you don't, there's a high chance the seeds will spoil.
It's better to take advice from an agricultural expert and choose seeds than to listen to others.
Testing seed quality is a better option than planting fake seeds.
Using organic pesticides is safer for the environment than using chemical pesticides.
There's a rumor that improved seeds are less likely to get diseases than local seeds.
Planting vegetable seeds this spring seems easier than last year.
Using certified seeds has a higher chance of increasing production compared to other seeds.
Treating seeds to protect them from fungus is better than not doing it.
Planting hybrid seeds is more expensive than planting local seeds.
Using compost fertilizer is safer than using chemical fertilizer.
It's much better to farm on your own land than to rent someone else's.
When choosing rice seeds, it's wiser to take an expert's advice than to listen to others.
In the village, local seeds are easier to find than improved seeds.
This time, it's better to use sacks to store seeds than plastic.
When choosing seeds, it's better to be patient and check the quality than to rush.
The chances of getting diseases are higher if you don't treat the seeds than if you do.
Just because a seed worked for someone else doesn't mean it will work for you; you should choose a seed that suits your soil.
This monsoon, we were late planting rice because it didn't rain on time, unlike last year.
It's better for your health to control pests with organic methods than to use pesticides.
It's harder to find local seeds than improved seeds in the market these days.
It's better to dry seeds in the sun before storing them than to store them in a damp place.
Using certified seeds is much safer than using fake seeds.
If there's less water when planting rice seeds, the chances of lower production increase; if there's too much, there's a risk of flooding.
If you don't take a bill when buying seeds, there's a higher chance of getting cheated.
It's cheaper to store potato seeds well this year than to buy them next year.
Planting seeds without testing their quality is like gambling; it's safer to plant after testing.
It's more beneficial for the soil to use organic fertilizer than chemical fertilizer.
Even though improved seeds produce more, local seeds taste better.
When choosing wheat seeds this time, you should learn from the mistakes you made last year.
It's good to test the soil before planting seeds; if you don't, you won't know what's lacking in the soil.
Hybrid seeds give more yield but they also cost more than local seeds.
When storing seeds, protecting them from cold is more important than protecting them from heat.
Using organic pesticides is much safer for the environment than using chemical pesticides.
Instead of planting the same seeds just because others got a lot of yield, you should choose seeds that are suitable for your soil.
Preserving local seeds is more important than searching for new seeds.
Since the risk of landslides has increased this monsoon, we need to strengthen the edges of the field.
The weather forecast says there will be heavy rain tomorrow, I wonder if we'll be able to finish harvesting the rice.
Due to climate change, droughts have become more frequent these days, how are we going to farm?
I'm worried that the rice seedlings will dry up again this year if it doesn't rain on time.
Hail covered the corn plants, how will we survive now?
It will be a problem if there is too much frost when it's time to plant winter crops.
It has become difficult to feed the family after the flood washed away the field.
It was difficult to get the vegetables to the market because the landslide blocked the road.
It rained a lot this monsoon, it was easy to plant rice.
Due to the drought, there is a scarcity of drinking water in the village.
The hailstorm caused great damage to the vegetable farming, how will I repay the loan?
Has the government introduced any new plans for climate adaptation?
The risk of flooding can be reduced if precautions are taken in time.
This year the field will remain barren because it didn't rain on time.
After the hailstorm destroyed the potato crop, it became very difficult to repay the landlord's debt.
Looks like we should only start farming after checking the weather forecast.
Because of climate change, new diseases have started appearing in the village.
Since the risk of flooding has increased, it's best to go to a safe place.
Due to the drought, it's become difficult to find grass to feed the livestock.
This time the hail has turned the hills white, I wonder what will happen to the crops.
Now it's time to plant crops that can cope with climate change.
After the monsoon starts, those who build houses near the river get scared.
Due to the drought, the well water has also started to dry up, we will have a drinking water problem.
The hail pierced the roof of the house, how will we take shelter now?
Farmers are facing a lot of problems because the weather forecasting service is not effective.
Let's discuss what can be done to reduce the impact of climate change.
Looks like we need to prepare in advance to avoid floods.
Due to the drought, this year's corn production was not even half.
The hail knocked off all the fruits in the field.
The weather forecast says it will rain heavily, so be careful.
Due to climate change, new diseases have started to appear.
How to rebuild the field that was swept away by the flood?
Due to the drought, many people in the village have started to migrate.
The hail destroyed all the vegetables in the field, what will we eat now?
During the monsoon, landslides blocked the road and caused a lot of problems.
We need to adopt new technology to adapt to climate change.
It's wise to move to a safe place before the flood comes.
Because of the drought, we couldn't plant rice, I'm afraid of famine.
The hail damaged the house a lot by making holes in the roof.
We can save the crops on time by getting information about the weather forecast.
Due to climate change, the water source is drying up.
It seems we need to relocate the settlement to avoid floods and landslides.
Will the government provide some help to get relief from the drought?
If we had insured the crops damaged by the hail, we would have gotten relief.
During the monsoon, landslides swept away the fields and caused a lot of damage.
Farmers should be trained about climate change.
To avoid the risk of flooding, houses should be built in high places.
It's hard to grow crops because of the drought, what will we eat?
Some measures should be taken to protect crops from hail.
In this warehouse, the demand for organic fertilizer is increasing compared to chemical fertilizer.
Farmers are complaining that the price of urea fertilizer has increased.
The use of DAP fertilizer helps to increase soil fertility.
If potash fertilizer is used at the right time, the crop will thrive.
The subsidy given on fertilizer provides relief to small farmers.
Production has decreased due to the inability to manage the fertilizer application schedule.
Using too much fertilizer ruins the soil structure.
We shouldn't let there be a fertilizer shortage during wheat planting season.
Using fertilizer in the pre-monsoon prepares the soil.
When you use fertilizer in the winter, the soil's coolness helps the fertilizer dissolve slowly.
Proper use of fertilizer, seeds, and pesticides increases production.
Compost fertilizer can be used as an alternative to chemical fertilizer.
Farmers should be trained on how to properly manage fertilizer.
The government should encourage the use of organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
There is a need to make the fertilizer distribution system more organized.
Farmers are frustrated when they don't get fertilizer on time.
There should be a system to test the quality of fertilizer.
Farmers should be taught the correct way to use fertilizer.
A shortage of fertilizer negatively affects crop production.
The use of fertilizer can improve the fertility of the soil.
When setting the price of fertilizer, the purchasing power of farmers should be considered.
Problems in the transportation of fertilizer should be solved.
There is a need to increase fertilizer storage capacity.
The use of fertilizer can reduce production costs.
The use of fertilizer increases the disease resistance of crops.
The use of fertilizer balances the amount of water in the soil.
Using fertilizer can reduce soil acidity.
Using fertilizer can reduce soil alkalinity.
Excessive use of urea fertilizer negatively affects the soil.
Using potash fertilizer increases the fruiting capacity.
The fertilizer subsidy process should be simplified.
The agriculture technician should tell the fertilizer application schedule.
Excessive fertilizer use causes environmental pollution.
The demand for fertilizer has increased for the Rabi season.
Black marketing of fertilizer should be stopped during the wheat planting season.
Weeds should be controlled when using fertilizer in the pre-monsoon.
Soil testing should be done when using fertilizer in winter.
The government should bring a special package for fertilizer, seeds, and pesticides.
Using organic fertilizer as an alternative to chemical fertilizer increases production.
Proper management of compost can reduce disease.
The government should reward farmers who use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
There is a need to make the fertilizer distribution system transparent.
Farmers have to take loans when they don't get fertilizer on time.
Action should be taken if irregularities are found while testing the quality of fertilizer.
The use of fertilizer adds essential nutrients to the soil.
Planting seeds without soil testing is risky, good production may not happen.
If you don't use mulching to prevent soil degradation, the yield might decrease, okay?
Planting the same crop continuously reduces soil fertility, so adopt crop rotation.
If you don't use compost fertilizer, the soil health might get bad, be careful.
If you don't use green manure in the fields, the soil becomes weak.
Be careful when using a power tiller, as it can damage the soil structure.
If you hurry to plant seeds without understanding the soil condition, you might not get a good harvest.
Leaving the land fallow fills it with weeds and reduces soil fertility.
If you delay making compost fertilizer, you might have to depend on chemical fertilizers.
Leaving the soil exposed in winter can be affected by the cold, you should do mulching.
If you plant seeds in the spring season without checking the soil, the yield might be low.
Using chemical fertilizers continuously can destroy the natural properties of the soil.
Plowing the field too deep can damage the productive layer of the soil.
Planting crops in places where water accumulates increases the possibility of soil disease.
If soil degradation increases, it can seriously affect food security.
Burning the field kills the beneficial insects in the soil, be careful.
Using plastic for mulching can pollute the soil, use organic fertilizer.
Using chemical fertilizers randomly without soil testing spoils the soil.
If you sow seeds before checking the soil condition before planting crops, the yield may decrease.
Using only chemical fertilizers instead of compost fertilizer affects the long-term health of the soil.
If you don't pay attention to preventing soil erosion in time, the field can be washed away.
If the soil lacks essential elements, the crop might not grow well.
If you don't use green manure, the soil fertility might decrease, so be careful.
If you plant crops without testing the soil, the chances of disease increase.
If you plow too much with a power tiller, the soil structure can be damaged and production can decrease.
If there is less moisture in the soil at the time of sowing seeds, it is difficult for the seeds to germinate.
If the land is left empty, weeds can cover it and reduce the soil's fertility.
If you are careless in making compost fertilizer, good fertilizer may not be made.
If you leave the soil exposed in winter, the cold will affect the soil.
The government should increase investment in agricultural infrastructure, only then will it be easier for small traders like us.
There is news that there will be a subsidy on potato seeds this winter season, I should go fill out the form.
The crop insurance program has provided great relief to small farmers.
It is a problem when improved varieties of fertilizer are not available on time in the local market.
The extension service should be effective in informing farmers about the agricultural programs brought by the government.
It is very troublesome to get agricultural loan facilities, the process should be simplified.
The land reform program seems to benefit small farmers a lot.
The government should train farmers to reduce the use of pesticides.
The government should bring special plans to attract youth to agriculture.
Traders like us have problems when there is no simplicity in import-export policy.
Due to the lack of fertilizer, there is a possibility that production will decrease this year.
The government should pay attention to the development of agricultural infrastructure.
Many farmers don't know about crop insurance.
We should get information about the government's subsidy programs on time.
Agricultural extension services should reach every village.
Land improvement programs help increase production.
Crop insurance gives economic security to farmers.
Agricultural loan facilities should be easily available.
The government should invest to encourage young people in agriculture.
Import-export policies should be in the interest of farmers.
How much subsidy will the government give for rice seeds this year?
Production can be increased by investing in agricultural infrastructure.
The crop insurance program should be made effective.
The government should inform farmers about agricultural programs.
Land improvement programs improve the living standards of farmers.
Crop insurance saves farmers from huge financial losses.
What documents are needed to get agricultural loan facilities?
The use of pesticides has a negative impact on human health.
New technology should be used to attract young people to agriculture.
Farmers' suggestions should also be included in the import-export policy.
The subsidies that the government provides in agriculture should be received on time.
Local government should also pay attention to agricultural infrastructure development.
We should run programs in villages to give info about crop insurance.
The government should discuss with farmers before bringing agriculture programs.
It's necessary to make land reform programs more organized.
We need to increase farmer participation in the crop insurance program.
We should take initiative so it's easier to get agriculture loan facilities.
We should discourage the use of pesticides.
To encourage youth in agriculture, we should arrange training.
Import-export policy should prioritize local production.
The subsidies that the government gives in agriculture should be used properly.
Agricultural infrastructure development should create employment.
To make the crop insurance program effective, there should be monitoring.
The government should establish information centers to inform farmers about agriculture programs.
Land reform programs should help in environmental protection.
Agriculture loan facilities are a big help to small farmers.
The use of pesticides has a negative impact on the environment.
The government should make the import-export policy of agricultural products timely.
This year, due to no rain on time in the monsoon, rice planting was delayed, will the government give some relief?
In this time after the earthquake, getting weather information from the mobile app has been a great relief.
I have seen that drone spraying will be effective to check the quality of potatoes stored in cold storage.
This year the demand for power tillers has increased a lot, so we have to book on time.
After the precision farming training, fertilizer use has improved a lot.
Farming has become much easier because of the tractor I got on subsidy.
According to the weather app, it's gonna be a bit late to plant Chaite rice this time.
Using a solar pump to adjust the temperature in the cold storage has helped a lot.
It's become easier to grow off-season vegetables after adopting greenhouse technology.
It's been so convenient getting info about fertilizers and seeds from the mobile app.
This year the power tiller broke down and caused a lot of problems, now I have to buy a new one.
I need to register my name at the agriculture office to take drone spraying training.
Turns out we can save water because of precision farming.
This time, I couldn't find a tractor to rent, so it was very late to plow the field.
According to the info on the weather app, there's no chance of rain for the next week.
It's become easier to plant winter crops after being able to irrigate with the help of a solar pump.
I have to take a loan from the bank to invest in greenhouse technology.
I'm planning to use fertilizer after looking at the soil test report on the mobile app.
After learning how to operate a power tiller, I feel like teaching others too.
Farmers have gotten a lot of relief since the drone spraying service started in the village.
Has the government launched any subsidy programs for precision farming?
It's gonna be a bit more expensive this year because I have to change the tractor tires.
According to the weather app, there seems to be a risk of flooding during the rainy season.
After installing the solar pump, the hassle of paying electricity bills is gone.
I need to get information about the government grant for greenhouse technology.
The mobile app has information about the crop insurance plan.
Spare parts needed for the power tiller are easily available in the market.
It seems like using drone spraying can reduce pesticide use.
I don't have much information about precision farming, I need to ask someone.
This year the tractor repair costs have increased a lot.
According to the weather app, there is a possibility of a cold wave in the next few days.
Using a solar pump has made it very easy to water the fields.
I am very happy that production has increased because of greenhouse technology.
You can get information about new agricultural technologies from the mobile app.
There is a problem because there are few people in the village who know how to operate a power tiller.
I want to participate in the government training for drone spraying.
It seems soil testing is required for precision farming.
A lot of work can be done quickly with the help of a tractor.
According to the weather app, there is a possibility of rain in the next few days, so we should hurry to harvest the wheat.
What documents are required to get a loan from the bank for a solar pump?
I am thinking of cultivating cucumbers using greenhouse technology.
You can apply for an agricultural loan using the mobile app.
Although using a power tiller makes it very easy to plow the field, the maintenance costs are bothering me.
Not all farmers can use drone spraying services because the fee is a bit expensive.
We need to call an agriculture expert to the village to give information about precision farming.
I'm planning to buy a tractor this year.
According to the information shown on the weather app, the monsoon seems likely to start on time this year.
It's hard to find a technician for solar pump repair.
We can become self-sufficient in vegetable farming by using greenhouse technology.
It has become easier to sell crops by knowing their price through mobile apps.
Although using a power tiller makes work faster, its smoke affects the environment.
We encourage farmers to use improved varieties of seeds.
Local varieties of seeds are very adaptable to our climate.
This year we have increased the production of hybrid seeds.
Paying attention to seed quality is important for good production.
Seed treatment reduces the chance of disease.
We have certified seeds available.
Get information about the proper way to store seeds.
It is appropriate to plant local varieties of rice this season.
We have prepared seeds for the monsoon season.
Corn seeds are available for planting in the spring season.
Wheat seeds can be planted in the post-rainy season.
It is easy to plow the field with a power tiller.
Using fertilizer increases soil fertility.
Using pesticides correctly protects the crops.
Growth hormones help in plant development.
We must save local seeds from disappearing.
Improved seeds help increase production.
Hybrid seeds are expensive, but the yield is high.
Good quality seeds give a good harvest.
Treating seeds before storing makes them last longer.
You can farm with confidence when using certified seeds.
Proper seed storage reduces damage.
New seeds have arrived for this year's Kharif season.
We distribute improved seeds to the farmers.
Local seeds are becoming extinct.
Hybrid seeds produce faster.
Only buy seeds after checking their quality.
Pesticides should not be used when processing seeds.
Certified seeds cost a bit more.
Seeds should be stored in a cool place.
We have provided seeds to farmers for the monsoon season.
Using a power tiller saves time and labor.
Using fertilizer provides essential elements to the soil.
Using too much pesticide is bad for the environment.
Growth hormones make fruits bigger.
It's our duty to protect local seeds.
Improved seeds are more resistant to diseases.
Grains from hybrid seeds might taste different.
If you don't care about seed quality, production goes down.
You can use organic methods to process seeds.
You can also get government support for certified seeds.
When storing seeds, protect them from pests.
We gave wheat seeds to farmers for the winter season.
You can rent power tillers too.
Use the right amount of fertilizer.
Be careful when using pesticides.
Growth hormones increase vegetable production.
Grains from local seeds are healthier.
The demand for improved seeds is increasing.
Using hybrid seeds helps with food security.
It rained a lot this monsoon, so I couldn't even rent out the tractor.
Power tillers are in high demand, so it's hard to keep them in stock.
Many people are asking about drone spraying, we should arrange training.
More farmers are ordering fertilizer through mobile apps.
It's good if farmers plant crops according to the weather app info.
Many people are coming to learn about the equipment needed for precision farming.
More people are looking for plastic tunnels for greenhouse technology.
We need to teach how to fill out the government grant form for solar pumps.
Because fertilizer prices have increased, farmers are saying they'll use less fertilizer this time.
There's a need to provide training to reduce pesticide use.
The number of farmers coming to get loans for irrigation equipment is increasing.
Farmers want to know how to increase production using mulch.
Wheat production wasn't good this spring season.
There's a lot of demand for rice seeds this sowing season.
The pre-monsoon storm damaged many people's crops.
The government agriculture office should provide information about tractor subsidies.
Farmers who are fed up with broken power tillers are coming to me for advice.
We need to inform people that the pesticides needed for drone spraying are available here.
Farmers have started coming to get fertilizer after getting information from the mobile app.
Some farmers have complained that the information provided by the weather app is not accurate.
It seems we need to do soil testing for precision farming.
We should probably organize a workshop about greenhouse technology.
We need to call technicians for the installation of solar pumps.
We should work with cooperatives to provide fertilizer to farmers at a cheap price.
Problems can come if you don't know the right amount of pesticide to use.
It's hard to find someone to repair irrigation equipment.
You can increase soil fertility by using mulch.
An insurance plan should be introduced to protect crops during the monsoon.
Tractor sales will probably be low this time because the price has increased.
An instructor should be arranged to give training on how to operate a power tiller.
There's a new rule that you need a license for drone spraying.
Many people ask how to create an account on the mobile app.
We need to keep track of how many farmers benefited from using the weather app.
We need information on how much subsidy the government gives for precision farming.
People ask how much it costs to adopt greenhouse technology.
Is it possible to get a loan from the bank for a solar pump?
The supply of fertilizer should be made easier this year.
Safety measures should be taken to avoid the effects of pesticides.
Which form do I fill out to apply for irrigation equipment?
It seems like the demand for new seeds will increase this spring.
Seeds should be made available on time during the sowing season.
Farmers are asking what to do to protect crops in the pre-monsoon.
The price of tractor parts has also skyrocketed.
Power tiller maintenance is getting expensive.
Where can I get the training needed for drone spraying?
Suggest some new features to add to the mobile app.
What should be done to make the weather app more reliable?
Farmers should be informed about precision farming.
Has the government provided any subsidies for greenhouse technology?
Using solar pumps can reduce diesel costs.
Where can I find the organic materials needed to make compost fertilizer?
What are the benefits of using compost fertilizer this Rabi season?
Can we protect crops by using natural pesticides?
What kind of programs can cold stores bring to increase consumer awareness?
How to consider soil biology in the fertilizer making process?
Can you give me information on where to find seeds for organic farming?
What is the effect on production when using compost fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer?
Which season is suitable for making compost fertilizer? Can it be made in winter?
What is the demand for organic products in the market, do we get a good price?
What needs to be done to certify goods stored in cold storage as organic?
How can soil fertility be increased when doing organic farming?
Are natural pesticides also available here?
Where is the training to learn how to make compost fertilizer?
What kind of support does the municipality provide to run consumer awareness programs?
How to gather the investment needed for organic farming?
Will the compost fertilizer we made get certified?
What kind of improvement does using organic fertilizer bring to the soil?
What benefits does this compost fertilizer give to the crops?
What should be done to get a market premium for organic products?
What kind of materials are needed to make compost fertilizer?
Can natural pesticides control all types of insects?
What should be done to inform consumers about organic products?
How to understand soil biology and use it in making fertilizer?
What effect does the use of compost fertilizer have on soil health?
What kind of soil is suitable for organic farming?
Can we take training on making compost fertilizer?
What is the method of making natural pesticides?
How much does it cost to run a consumer awareness campaign?
Where can we find a market for organic products?
Are the materials for making compost fertilizer found here?
How to use compost fertilizer to increase soil fertility?
Does this compost fertilizer protect crops from disease?
What kind of documents are needed to sell organic products?
What effect does using natural pesticides have on the environment?
How to make consumers understand the importance of organic products?
What are the benefits of making fertilizer keeping soil biology in mind?
Does using compost fertilizer eliminate the need for chemical fertilizer?
Are organic seeds available here?
What effect does the use of natural pesticides have on crops?
What kind of programs can be done for consumer awareness?
What should be done to improve soil biology?
What kind of place is needed to make compost fertilizer?
What precautions should be taken when using natural pesticides?
How to attract consumers to organic products?
Can I get information here about the materials needed for compost fertilizer?
What kind of crops can be planted using compost fertilizer?
What are the natural resources needed for organic farming?
How does the local government help in consumer awareness programs?
What changes occur in soil quality when using compost fertilizer?
Sisters, to protect rice from fungal diseases, use pesticides at the time of planting seeds.
To protect potatoes from fungal diseases, pests should be controlled by organic methods.
To protect cardamom plants from viral diseases, plant only healthy plants.
To control pests in maize, adopt an integrated pest management system.
To protect tomatoes from bacterial diseases, control weeds around the plants.
To protect plum trees from pests, spray pesticides regularly.
To protect wheat from fungal diseases this season, treat the seeds before planting.
To protect potato crops from pests, use beneficial organisms for biological control.
It is mandatory for all of you to follow safety standards when using pesticides.
Women farmers can use power tillers to control weeds in the fields.
To protect oranges from diseases, pesticides should be used regularly.
First, get your field tested to see if the disease is fungal or bacterial.
If there is a severe pest infestation in the crop, there is no alternative to using pesticides.
Before planting crops in the field, test the soil and then use compost fertilizer.
Integrated pest management helps to keep the environment balanced.
An unknown disease has appeared in rice this year, consult with an agricultural expert.
Don't forget to wear gloves and a mask when using pesticides.
If there are excessive weeds in the field, you can use herbicides.
Use organic pesticides to protect guava plants from pests.
Women farmers, treat the seeds before planting rice.
The use of pesticides has a negative impact on the soil, so adopt organic methods.
You can make homemade pesticides to control pests on bitter gourd plants.
Participate in integrated pest management training and learn new methods.
Go to the agriculture office to get information about the pesticides you are using.
To find out if the disease in your field is viral or not, get it tested in a lab.
To protect potatoes from potato blight, use organic pesticides.
Spray pesticide immediately to control the pests in the field.
For integrated pest management, you should regularly monitor the field.
Also consider the environmental impact when using pesticides.
If there are too many weeds in the field, consult an expert before using herbicides.
Take safety measures when using pesticides, otherwise it can affect your health.
Use pesticide to protect seeds from fungus during rice planting.
The use of organic pesticides is effective in controlling crop diseases.
Remove the viral-infected plant immediately, otherwise it will spread to other plants.
It is better for women to use organic pesticides to control pests in the kitchen garden.
Go to the Agriculture Knowledge Center to learn about integrated pest management.
The use of pesticides reduces soil fertility, so use compost fertilizer.
Spray pesticide in time to protect crops from disease.
Production can be increased by adopting an integrated pest management system.
Consider the impact on human health when using pesticides.
In addition to weeding, pesticides can also be used to control weeds.
The use of pesticides has a negative impact on the environment, so adopt organic methods.
Cooperatives should encourage members to improve the organic quality of the soil by arranging compost fertilizer training.
A policy should be introduced to promote the use of natural pesticides in seed banks.
Explain the importance of organic products through consumer awareness programs.
The cooperative should provide farmers with the necessary materials to make fertilizer.
Suggest using organic fertilizer only after testing the soil health.
The seed bank should protect and promote local seeds.
Farmers should be trained to use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
The cooperative should help in the organic farming certification process.
Farmer groups should be trained on how to make natural pesticides.
The seed bank should test the soil before distributing improved seeds.
Teach how to use fertilizer to cover the soil in winter.
The cooperative should provide members with the materials needed to make compost fertilizer on subsidy.
Farmers should be informed about the biological diversity of the soil.
The cooperative should provide loans to farmers for seeds and fertilizers for organic farming.
The seed bank should encourage the use of organic pesticides to reduce the use of chemical pesticides.
Awareness programs should be conducted to inform consumers about the benefits of organic products.
Training should be organized on how to make compost fertilizer to increase soil fertility.
The cooperative should help prepare the necessary documents for organic farming certification.
Farmers should be encouraged to use organic fertilizer to reduce the use of chemical fertilizer.
The cooperative should arrange training in villages to teach how to make natural pesticides.
The seed bank should focus on the production and distribution of local crop seeds.
Soil health should be tested after the rainy season.
Seed banks should distribute local seeds by prioritizing them.
The cooperative should make a mobile app to give farmers information about organic farming.
The cooperative should help gather the raw materials needed to make compost fertilizer.
Farmers should be informed about the microorganisms in the soil.
The seed bank should put up a display board to inform farmers about organic fertilizer and seeds.
The cooperative should create an online platform for marketing organic products.
Initiatives should be taken to simplify the organic farming certification process.
The cooperative should organize field visits to teach farmers how to make compost fertilizer.
Farmers should be given subsidies to promote the use of natural pesticides.
The seed bank should set up a separate fund for the conservation of local seeds.
The cooperative should arrange awards for farmers who do organic farming.
Farmers should be advised to use green manure to increase soil fertility.
Informative materials about organic farming should be made available to farmers.
The cooperative should provide farmers with the necessary equipment for soil testing.
Seed banks should encourage farmers to use improved seeds.
The cooperative should promote organic farm products to increase demand.
Information should be provided on how the use of compost fertilizer improves the soil's organic condition.
The seed bank should provide information about the importance of local seeds.
Farmers should be trained to promote the use of natural pesticides.
Information about the importance of organic products should be provided in consumer awareness programs.
The cooperative should give special privileges to farmers who do organic farming.
Farmers should be encouraged to use organic fertilizer to increase soil fertility.
The seed bank should explain the importance of local seeds to the farmers.
The cooperative should coordinate with the rural municipality to teach how to make compost fertilizer.
The seed bank should teach farmers what to consider when selecting seeds.
Farmers should be encouraged to cultivate herbs used to make natural pesticides.
Using compost fertilizer in garlic farming helps increase production, but its effect is slower compared to chemical fertilizer.
Although garlic farming is riskier than rice farming, the income is also good if you get a good price.
It takes a little more effort to grow garlic compared to wheat.
The price of garlic fluctuates a lot compared to other vegetables.
Planting garlic in the winter season is more beneficial than planting in other seasons.
The use of irrigation equipment can increase production in garlic farming as in other crops.
There is a higher chance of disease in garlic farming than in maize farming.
Immediate income can be earned in garlic farming than in fruit farming.
More investment is required in garlic farming than in lentil farming.
Many times more income can be earned from garlic farming than from finger millet farming.
The market demand for garlic farming may be higher than for soybean farming.
Less fertilizer should be used in garlic farming than in ginger farming.
Garlic farming is easier than cardamom farming.
Garlic farming requires less water than rice farming.
Garlic farming sees more pests and diseases than wheat farming.
The time to plant garlic is different compared to corn.
Garlic has better storage capacity compared to other vegetables.
Garlic sells faster compared to fruits.
The market price of garlic is more unstable compared to lentils.
Garlic farming requires more effort compared to millet farming.
Garlic has a higher demand compared to soybeans.
Garlic farming is ready sooner compared to ginger farming.
Garlic has a lower price compared to cardamom.
Power tillers are used less in garlic farming than in paddy farming.
Garlic farming needs more irrigation than wheat farming.
Mulching is more effective in garlic farming than in corn farming.
Garlic has more medicinal properties than other vegetables.
Garlic farming can be done faster than fruit farming.
Garlic has a higher market price than lentils.
Garlic has more demand than millet.
You can earn more from garlic farming than from soybean farming.
Garlic farming is easier than ginger farming.
Garlic farming is less risky than cardamom farming.
Compost fertilizer is used less in garlic farming compared to paddy farming.
Power tiller use is more in garlic farming compared to wheat.
Less irrigation equipment is needed for garlic farming compared to maize.
Less investment is required for garlic farming compared to other vegetables.
Mulch is rarely used for garlic farming compared to fruits.
More manpower is needed in garlic farming compared to lentils.
More compost manure is needed for garlic farming compared to millet.
You have to be more careful when farming garlic compared to soybeans.
Irrigation management is easier in garlic farming compared to ginger.
Garlic farming is ready faster compared to cardamom.
More effort is required in garlic farming compared to paddy.
Garlic price is much more volatile compared to wheat.
There is less risk in garlic farming compared to maize.
The demand for garlic remains throughout the year compared to other vegetables.
The investment in garlic farming recovers quickly compared to fruits.
Technical knowledge is needed in garlic farming compared to lentils.
More attention should be paid to garlic farming compared to millet.
If farmers could get training on cooperative farming, the market problem would be solved to a great extent.
This year, many farmers' seeds were destroyed due to floods in Terai, how to plant now?
Correct use of fertilizer increases production, but the farmers here don't know how to make compost manure.
Vegetable prices in the local market always fluctuate, it is difficult to get a fair price.
Because of middlemen, farmers aren't getting good prices for their products, how to stop this?
After the flood damage, seeds should be distributed to farmers immediately.
If information about online markets was given, it would be very easy for the youth here.
The process of making export documents is very complicated, it should be simplified.
Even though the paddy production was good in the Kharif season, farmers are disappointed because they didn't get a good price.
Farmers who grow vegetables in the post-monsoon season need technical support.
This year, fertilizer should be available on time for winter crops, otherwise production will decrease.
Cooperative marketing benefits farmers a lot, but many don't know about it.
Farmers should be encouraged to sell directly, this will increase their income.
Price fluctuations affect farmers a lot, what can be done to control this?
There is a lot of competition in the local market, so farmers are having trouble selling their products.
Farmers should be made to understand the importance of cooperative marketing.
This year the floods caused a lot of damage, how to buy seeds again now?
Farmers' access to wholesale markets should be increased.
The government should subsidize fertilizers and seeds for farmers.
Farmers here should be given information about modern farming systems.
The price determination system in the local market should be transparent.
If farmers could get tractors on subsidy, it would be a relief to many.
Middlemen are cheating farmers, what can be done to stop this?
By using online markets, farmers can sell their products nationwide.
We should help farmers prepare export documents.
Many farmers faced fertilizer shortages while growing rice during the Kharif season.
We need to protect vegetable crops from pests during the post-monsoon season.
Fertilizers should be made available on time for winter crops.
Farmers can get a fair price for their produce through cooperative marketing.
Farmers should be trained to sell directly.
Farmers should have insurance to avoid price fluctuations.
It should be easier for farmers to sell their produce in the local market.
The government should introduce special programs to encourage cooperative marketing.
Farmers affected by the floods should be given relief immediately.
The system for determining the price of farmers' produce in the wholesale market should be scientific.
The government should subsidize modern agricultural equipment for farmers.
Farmers here should be trained to make compost fertilizer.
Farmers should be provided space to sell their produce in the local market.
Farmers should be encouraged to join cooperative organizations.
Farmers can increase the value of their produce by using online markets.
The documents required for exporting should be simplified.
Farmers should be provided with seeds on time during the Kharif season.
Farmers should be given necessary training in the post-monsoon season.
Farmers should be given fertilizer on time for winter crops.
Farmers should be informed about cooperative marketing.
Farmers should be encouraged to sell directly, this will reduce middleman manipulation.
Price fluctuations cause a lot of problems for farmers, so a solution must be found.
Farmers should be able to sell their produce in the local market.
New plans should be introduced to make cooperative marketing more effective.
Farmers should be informed about the wholesale market.
This year, the price of animal feed has increased, making it very difficult for farmers.
The price of cow feed is so high that milk production has decreased, what to do?
It's become difficult to find nutritious food for buffaloes, where to get it from?
There are complaints that the cost has increased a lot because good grass for goats is not available and has to be bought.
In poultry farming, the price of feed is a problem, isn't there anywhere to find it cheaper?
The price of sugar needed for beekeeping has skyrocketed, causing problems.
Due to the lack of proper management of feed for fish farming, production is decreasing.
In pig farming, it has become difficult to recover the investment due to the price of feed.
Due to the lack of proper feed for sheep, the possibility of disease has increased.
There is a problem because there is not enough grass to feed the yaks.
Farmers are worried about the news of adulteration in animal feed.
There is a problem because the necessary medicines for livestock are not available on time.
There is a risk of being cheated because there is no system to check the quality of animal feed in the local market.
It is difficult to get improved varieties of grass seeds for animals.
There's a complaint that we don't get the animal feed subsidy from the government on time.
There's a complaint that we can't afford the medicine for diseases that affect cows and buffaloes because it's too expensive.
Many farmers are deprived because they don't know about the livestock insurance plan.
Climate change is jeopardizing the livestock business.
There's a problem because there's a shortage of raw materials needed for animal feed.
There's a complaint that we haven't received training on nutritious feed for livestock.
It's a problem when animals get sick because there's no vet in the village.
The price of animal feed has increased arbitrarily in the market, who's going to control it?
It's difficult to get subsidized loans for livestock farming.
There's a complaint that the government body hasn't paid attention to maintaining the quality of animal feed.
The necessary technology to modernize the livestock business isn't available.
There's a problem because there isn't enough animal feed available in the local market.
Production has decreased due to the lack of vitamins and minerals needed for livestock.
There's a complaint that we haven't received training on producing improved varieties of grass for animal feed.
There's a lack of encouragement to attract young people to the livestock business.
I suspect that pesticides have been used in animal feed, it should be checked.
The risk of disease has increased because livestock health check-ups aren't done regularly.
It hasn't been possible to deliver animal feed on time because there are problems with transportation.
Special programs should be introduced to increase women's participation in the livestock business.
The government should pay attention to stopping black marketing of animal feed.
There's a problem because there's not enough water for the livestock.
The animals are getting sick because the animal feed is adulterated.
Insurance needs to be accessible for livestock farming businesses.
A lot of animal feed is being wasted because it's not managed properly.
There's a problem when the livestock don't get vaccinated on time.
The government should invest in increasing animal feed production.
It seems we need to adopt climate-smart practices in livestock farming.
We need to teach how to use local resources for animal feed.
We should focus on raising improved breeds of livestock to increase productivity.
Many farmers are being forced to quit livestock farming because animal feed prices are rising.
There are complaints that people don't know how to use new technology in livestock farming.
There's a problem because there's no lab to test animal feed.
We have to go far away because there are no shops selling livestock medicine in the village.
The government should come up with a plan to be self-sufficient in animal feed production.
Cooperatives play an important role in organizing livestock farming businesses.
Mobile camps should be run to inform farmers about animal feed.
We women farmers have stopped getting fair prices because of middlemen in the local market.
Even when we do cooperative farming, our problem is the same, there's not much difference in price.
It rained a lot this monsoon, we couldn't even get the vegetables to the market.
We tried selling stuff online, but it's so hard to prepare the export documents.
Even if we take it to the wholesale market, the transportation cost eats up the profit, what to do?
When the price fluctuates a lot, women farmers like us suffer a lot of losses.
The lack of fertilizer has reduced production, but it seems like the government is ignoring it.
Because there's no irrigation equipment, we're forced to rely on rainwater for farming.
It's hard to get a loan to buy a power tiller, the process is too complicated.
It would be good if we could get training on making compost fertilizer, it would be easier to increase production.
Before, it used to be easy to sell in the village market, but now there's a lot of competition.
This year it rained during the harvest, we had a lot of losses.
I heard the government has brought an agricultural insurance plan, but we don't even know about it.
Even when we go to the agriculture office and ask about subsidies, we don't get a good answer.
Many programs have come in the name of women farmers, but they don't reach us.
Even a small cold storage in the village would provide a lot of relief.
The rule of having to mortgage land to get an agricultural loan has caused problems for many.
Now, because of Indian vegetables in the local market, our produce doesn't even get a good price.
This year, insects destroyed the crops, the government didn't provide any help.
Agricultural technicians have stopped coming to the village like before, who do we tell our problems to?
It would be good if they brought training programs targeting women farmers.
They suggest we form groups and join cooperatives, but we hear that there is fraud in cooperatives too.
If we don't get a fair price in the local market, the vegetables rot in the field.
Farmers can't even sell their produce at the support price set by the government.
We've had to bear losses so many times because the weather forecast isn't accurate.
It would be good if we women farmers were taught how to use modern technology.
The price of fertilizer and seeds has skyrocketed, how to farm?
Because there's no agricultural supply shop in the village, we're forced to go far away.
Where to go, who to ask for information about agricultural insurance?
It would be good if arrangements were made to sell our products by branding them.
The price we sell at in the local market, consumers have to pay more than that, the middlemen eat a lot.
The government has made farmer ID cards, they say, but we haven't received them yet.
This year, we couldn't plant rice because it didn't rain on time, there's fear of famine.
It would be good if we women were encouraged to farm collectively.
If there was an agricultural information center in the village, we would know a lot of things.
The process for the grants the government gives is complicated, it should be made easier.
Before, there used to be haat bazaars in the village, now even that's gone.
It's difficult to get a tractor for rent, we can't plow the fields on time.
We should have the right to determine the price of the vegetables we produce.
It's hard to find vegetables that haven't been sprayed with pesticides in the current market.
If we were given training on how to do organic farming, we could get a good price in the market.
There are many problems because there is no parking arrangement in the local market.
The app that the government brought for farmers is difficult to use, it should be made easier.
Do we have to protest in order to get a fair price for the goods we produce?
This year potato price is so down, looks like we won't even recover the cost.
If the government made some arrangement for storing agricultural products, it would be a relief for farmers.
Even though there's a cooperative in the village, many don't trust it, there should be transparency.
Women have a lot of difficulty because there are no toilets in the local market.
We need to provide loans to women farmers at subsidized rates.
The road to the wholesale market is not good, they should build the road.
How much subsidy has the government announced for fertilizer this year?
Please give information about the agricultural program that the government brought during planting season.
The access to agricultural extension service is a bit weak in our area, they should take initiative to improve it.
How much has the land reform program helped small farmers?
The crop was ruined this year due to climate change, it would have been a relief if we had crop insurance.
Many farmers have not been able to buy improved seeds because there is no easy loan facility.
What changes have been made in this year's export policy?
What kind of seed is good to plant this Rabi season?
What is the process for the subsidy that the government gives on power tillers?
How is the quality of this compost fertilizer?
What percentage of discount is there on irrigation equipment?
Where do we get the grant money that the government gives to farmers?
What is the new program that the Ministry of Agriculture has brought this year?
What kind of services does the agriculture office provide to farmers?
Do farmers who don't own land also get loan facilities or not?
What kind of plan has the government brought for the development of agricultural infrastructure?
How does this time's import-export policy affect farmers?
What kind of crop is suitable to plant in this year's post-monsoon situation?
How to get the subsidy that the government gives on chemical fertilizers?
What kinds of programs has the government brought for the development of the agricultural sector?
What kind of help can farmers get from agricultural extension services?
Has the government brought any plans for land improvement?
How effective is the crop insurance program in reducing the impact of climate change on agriculture?
What is the government doing to make loan facilities easily available to farmers?
How much budget has the government allocated for agricultural infrastructure construction?
Does the government's new import-export policy make any difference to the price of seeds?
Please tell me about the grant program that the government has brought for farmers.
What kind of help does the agricultural extension service provide in seed selection?
What kind of facilities are available under the land improvement program?
What kind of documents are needed when insuring crops?
What needs to be done to get an agricultural loan?
What kind of investment has the government made in agricultural infrastructure?
How is the price of seeds determined according to the new import-export policy?
What percentage of subsidy has the government given on fertilizers this year?
Where should I go to get information about agriculture programs?
Who should I contact for agricultural extension services?
What do I need to do to participate in the land improvement scheme?
How much does it cost for crop insurance?
What kind of collateral is needed for an agricultural loan?
What policy has the government taken for agricultural infrastructure?
Will the new import-export policy benefit farmers or not?
How much subsidy has the government provided for potato seeds this year?
What do I need to do to participate in this agriculture program?
Does the agricultural extension service do soil testing?
What kind of support does the government provide for land improvement?
How long does it take to get compensation from crop insurance?
What is the interest rate for agricultural loans?
What kind of plans has the government introduced for the development of agricultural infrastructure?
How does the new import-export policy affect local production?
We suffered a lot of losses because there was no place to dry the paddy flooded by the rain, and no one cared.
Farmers are forced to sell vegetables cheaply due to the lack of cold storage.
We are annoyed because insects have eaten the grains in storage, what should we do?
Our goods were priced low in the market due to the lack of good packaging arrangements.
Everything was lost because the paddy got wet due to the lack of a warehouse to store it.
This year the yield decreased because we didn't get fertilizer on time, who do I complain to?
The seeds weren't good, so half the corn in the field didn't sprout, what to do now?
A lot was lost after harvesting the crop, the government didn't help at all.
The agriculture office didn't teach us how to use pesticides, so the crops were damaged.
A lot of grain is going to waste because there's no food preservation training in remote villages.
Because there's no grading machine, we're forced to sell at the price the traders say.
Farmers are having to throw away the vegetables they produced because they're not getting a fair price.
The rain ruined the stored grain too, and now we're facing famine.
Because there's no proper storage, the grain has become moldy and inedible.
We still haven't received the grant the government said they'd give to build a warehouse.
Because there's no place to dry it, the rice has started to rot in the field, no one cared.
The goods were returned from the market because the packaging wasn't good.
The potatoes have started to rot because there's no proper temperature control in storage.
It's hard to get a good price without grading, where do I go with my complaints?
Many farmers are facing problems because they don't have knowledge of food preservation.
No one helped to build a cold storage, they just give assurances.
Due to the lack of warehouses, the produced grain has to be kept in the open.
Without a drying machine, the rice rots when there's no sun.
Many farmers are having problems because they haven't received packaging training.
No one told us how to control pests in storage.
Traders cheat us because we don't know about grading.
The government didn't bring any plans for food preservation.
It's been a long time since I applied for a cold storage, but haven't heard back yet.
The bank didn't agree to give a loan to build a warehouse, what to do now?
It's hard to get land for a drying area, who should I tell?
It's a problem when the materials needed for packaging are expensive.
I applied for insurance after the storage was damaged, but haven't received it yet.
It would have been much easier if I had received training for grading.
We didn't get to use modern technology for food preservation.
Because there was no cold storage, the vegetables rotted in the field.
We are annoyed because the rats ate the grain stored in the warehouse.
No one gave information about the drying machine.
There was a lot of damage during shipping because the packaging wasn't good.
All the grain burned to ashes when a fire broke out in the storage.
The government hasn't set any standards for grading.
It is very difficult to get grants for food preservation.
We are tired of searching for land for cold storage.
The process for building a warehouse is very complicated.
No one helped for the drying area.
I heard that there is new technology for packaging, but I didn't find it.
The equipment to control temperature in storage is expensive.
When will the grading training come to the village?
No one came to give information about food preservation.
It seems it costs a lot to build a cold storage.
It's been hard to find a safe place for the warehouse.
Will using fertilizer in this greenhouse have any effect on pig farming?
How much has the price of buffalo feed reached, is it cheaper here?
How to do poultry farming this season, is there any special way?
What kind of management should be done for goat farming in this greenhouse?
How to protect pigs from diseases that occur in pre-monsoon?
What kind of fish is suitable for fish farming in this greenhouse?
Where can I find improved variety grass seeds for cows?
What things are needed to make compost fertilizer in this greenhouse?
What kind of place is suitable for sheep farming?
What kind of diet is needed for pigs in the Rabi season?
How suitable is this place for yak farming, can I get information?
How can I find out about the livestock insurance scheme?
What things should be considered when beekeeping in a greenhouse?
How much land is needed to build a pig pen?
How to protect pigs from the heat in the Kharif season?
How can we use a tractor in this greenhouse for pig farming?
Where can I find information about pig diseases?
How do I manage fertilizer in this greenhouse?
What vitamins do pigs need and where can I find them?
How to keep pigs healthy during monsoon?
Where can I find information about government grants for pig farming?
How do I manage water for pigs in this greenhouse?
Where can I find a market to sell pig meat?
Where can I find piglets of improved breeds?
How can I get a loan to invest in pig farming?
How can I use pig manure in this greenhouse?
Where can I find the medicines needed for pigs?
What kind of soil is suitable for pig farming?
What time is best to feed pigs in this greenhouse?
What are the problems in pig farming and how to solve them?
What kind of form do I need to fill out for pig insurance?
How to increase the weight of pigs in this greenhouse?
What kind of seeds are needed for pigs?
How to keep pigs safe in this greenhouse?
Where can I get pig disease tests done?
How to keep pigs healthy in this greenhouse, I wonder?
Where can I find pig farming training, maybe?
What kind of environment is needed for pigs in this greenhouse, I wonder?
What kind of feed is good to give to pigs, maybe?
How to raise pigs in this greenhouse, I wonder?
What kind of compost fertilizer is good for pigs, maybe?
How to manage pigs in this greenhouse, I wonder?
How to protect pigs from worms, maybe?
How much space is needed for pigs in this greenhouse, I wonder?
What kind of fertilizer is good to use for pigs, maybe?
How to protect pigs in this greenhouse, I wonder?
Which season is suitable for pig farming, maybe?
What kind of diet is needed for pigs in this greenhouse, I wonder?
At what temperature should pigs be kept, maybe?
How to take care of pigs in this greenhouse, I wonder?
When is the compost fertilizer making training, I wish I could find out?
What effect does the use of organic inputs have on the soil's biological system, I wonder?
Is there anyone here who teaches how to make natural pesticides?
How to make compost fertilizer this rainy season, I wonder if the water will be a problem?
Where can I find seeds for organic farming, maybe?
How much difference in yield would there be if we used compost fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer?
How do you get certified for organic products, what's the process?
What should be done to get a good price for organic products in the market?
How does natural pesticide control insects in crops?
What's the way to raise earthworms to make compost fertilizer?
How can the soil's biological system be improved?
What kind of programs can be run to increase consumer awareness?
What kind of seeds are suitable to plant when doing organic farming?
How to use compost fertilizer when planting crops?
How to prepare organic fertilizer for the Rabi season?
How to spray natural pesticides to protect crops in the monsoon?
How is the market premium for organic products determined?
How does the use of organic fertilizer increase soil fertility?
What kind of herbs can be used to make natural pesticides?
What should be the temperature when making compost fertilizer?
What should be done to keep the soil's biological system in balance?
What topics should be included in a consumer awareness program?
What kind of facilities are there for irrigation equipment for organic farming?
How long does it take to make compost fertilizer?
What effect does the use of natural pesticides have on the environment?
Where should I go to find a market for organic products?
Where should I take the soil to test its organic system?
What kind of crop is suitable to plant using organic fertilizer?
Where can I find information about how to make compost fertilizer?
Where can I find the ingredients used to make natural pesticides?
Is it possible to run a program on the radio for consumer awareness?
Where should I register to take training on organic farming?
What should be done to increase the market premium for organic products?
How to solve the problem of odor when making compost fertilizer?
What kind of fertilizer should be used to strengthen the soil's organic system?
Where can I find suitable seeds for organic farming?
Does spraying natural pesticides affect people or not?
What standards need to be met for organic product certification?
What is the easiest way to make compost fertilizer?
How to keep the soil's organic system healthy?
How to deliver consumer awareness programs to villages?
Is it okay to use a power tiller when doing organic farming?
Where to get the necessary materials to make compost fertilizer?
Does natural pesticide kill all kinds of insects or only some?
Does the government provide any grants for organic production?
Where can I find more information about the soil's organic system?
How to register to participate in the consumer awareness program?
What's the irrigation arrangement when doing organic farming?
How much does it cost to participate in compost fertilizer making training?
It's better to reduce the use of DAP fertilizer this year because of less rainfall, right?
Why are farmers hesitant to use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer?
The fertilizer subsidy arrangement has provided a lot of relief to small farmers.
Farmers are having problems because the price of urea fertilizer has increased.
It would be beneficial to many if compost fertilizer making training could be provided.
I heard that the use of potash fertilizer increases potato production, how true is it?
A program should be run to provide information on when to apply fertilizer in the winter season.
It is better to use less but quality fertilizer than to spoil the soil by using too much fertilizer.
It is appropriate to use fertilizer only after testing the soil.
There is a high demand for fertilizer for the Rabi season, so it should be managed in time.
If fertilizer is not used at the right time, it affects production.
It seems like the supply of DAP fertilizer will be low this year, what to do?
Farmers should be encouraged to use compost fertilizer as an alternative to chemical fertilizer.
What documents are required to get the subsidy provided by the government for fertilizer?
Training should be arranged in different places to provide information about fertilizer to the farmers.
The government should take strict measures to stop the black market of urea fertilizer.
Should we organize a workshop to teach how to use organic fertilizer?
We need to discuss how fertilizer use affects the soil.
How true is it that using potash fertilizer prevents disease in crops?
To reduce chemical fertilizer use, we need to increase compost fertilizer production.
Farmers are going to suffer because the price of DAP fertilizer is increasing.
It looks like there will be a fertilizer shortage this year, we need to take action on time.
Many farmers have ruined their crops because they don't know the correct way to use fertilizer.
Does the use of chemical fertilizer reduce soil fertility?
Is organic fertilizer better than chemical fertilizer?
We need to be taught how to manage water when using fertilizer.
Does excessive use of urea fertilizer damage the soil?
Could we create a mobile app to provide information about fertilizer?
We need information on how much fertilizer each crop needs when using it.
Do we need to do a soil test when using fertilizer?
Can compost fertilizer replace chemical fertilizer?
What should we do to increase soil fertility when using fertilizer?
What should we do to protect the soil when using fertilizer?
Does the use of potash fertilizer increase fruit production?
What should we do to prevent water from logging in the soil when using fertilizer?
How to protect crops from disease when using fertilizer?
What to do to prevent insects in the soil when using fertilizer?
How to add necessary elements to the soil when using fertilizer?
How to remove unnecessary elements from the soil when using fertilizer?
This year, the monsoon is late, so we're just looking at the sky waiting to plant seeds.
I don't know what's up, this time the fields are dry because of the drought, how to plant rice?
After the hailstorm destroyed the crops, farmers should be provided with relief.
The cold wave has ruined all the potato plants, what to do now?
After the flood washed away the field, I'm worried about how to feed my family this year.
Because the landslide blocked the road, fertilizer couldn't be delivered on time, how to farm now?
Many farmers have suffered losses due to ignoring weather forecasts.
It is necessary to adopt new technologies for climate change adaptation.
If we had received early warning in time, a lot of damage could have been avoided.
Many people's rice planting has been stopped because it didn't rain during planting season.
Since there was a lot of rain during the monsoon, there is hope for good rice production.
There is a problem due to the lack of fertilizer during the Kharif crop planting season.
The demand for improved seeds for Rabi crops is increasing.
Farmers should be encouraged to use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
Many farmers have experienced that production increases when using improved seeds.
Many farmers have increased their production by adopting mulching technology.
The government should provide tractors to farmers on subsidies.
This year, hailstones destroyed a lot of the onion seedlings.
Looks like the corn production will go way down this year because of the drought.
According to the weather forecast, the monsoon is likely to be weak this year.
Because of climate change, there are more outbreaks of new diseases and pests.
The government should give farmers early warnings about floods on time.
It rained a lot this year, so the risk of landslides has increased.
If there's no winter rain, the wheat production might decrease.
The weather forecasting service needs to be more effective.
It's time to make a climate adaptation plan and start working.
If we had installed an early warning system on time, there wouldn't have been so much damage.
The monsoon floods completely submerged the rice fields.
Because of the drought, farmers are going to have a lot of problems this time.
Farmers are worried after the hailstones destroyed the vegetable crops.
Farmers have started using different methods to protect crops from the cold wave.
It's hard to travel because the floods damaged the roads.
Because of the landslide, a lot of arable land has turned into barren land.
It's difficult to get weather forecast information to the farmers.
Climate change has added a big challenge to the agriculture sector.
The local government should pay attention to making the early warning system effective.
The heavy rainfall during the monsoon always causes problems.
The drought has affected the livestock too.
The hailstorm damaged the fruit plants.
The cold wave affects the elderly and children more.
The flood has contaminated the drinking water source.
Those displaced by the landslide need relief.
It would be great if we could get weather forecast info on our mobiles via SMS.
Farmers need to be trained about climate change.
The early warning system should be translated into the local language.
The excessive rainfall during monsoon season destroys roads and bridges.
There's a shortage of drinking water because of the drought.
The hailstorm damaged the roofs and corrugated iron sheets of the houses.
We should be careful when warming ourselves by the fire to avoid cold waves.
It takes a long time to cultivate again in the field swept away by the flood.
Instead of using chemical pesticides in the field, adopting biological control methods is much better for both the environment and health.
This year, the infestation of insects in paddy is more than last year, treatment should be started immediately.
To control wheat diseases in the Rabi season, it is better to plant disease-resistant seeds than to use pesticides.
Instead of controlling weeds by using chemical fertilizers, mulching increases soil fertility and reduces weeds.
Pesticide use can be reduced by adopting an integrated pest management system, which is safer than using chemical pesticides.
If many insects are seen in the field, it is safer for farmers to use organic pesticides than to spray chemical pesticides.
The blight disease seen in potatoes this year is more terrible than last year, it should be taken care of in time.
The use of organic pesticides is increasing because it's more environment friendly than chemical pesticides.
Plowing the field with oxen instead of a tractor preserves the soil's fertility and keeps the environment healthy.
It's better to prevent bacterial diseases in rice than to treat them.
Not wearing a mask while spraying pesticides in the field is harmful to your health; it's much safer to wear a mask.
It's better for the environment to remove weeds by hand than to use pesticides.
This year the rat problem is worse than last year, so we need a special plan to protect the crops.
Integrated pest management reduces the use of pesticides, which is more environmentally friendly than traditional pesticide use.
Using organic fertilizer in the fields is better for soil health than using chemical fertilizer.
Planting disease-resistant seeds is a better way to prevent viral diseases in crops than trying to treat them.
The use of pesticides reduces soil fertility, so using organic fertilizer is beneficial for the soil.
Using organic methods to control pests in rice is better for both the environment and health than spraying pesticides.
Using organic pesticides is less harmful to the environment than using chemical pesticides.
Weeding by hand is much better for the soil than using herbicides in the field.
This year, there's more fungal infection in rice than last year, so we need to take preventative measures immediately.
Integrated pest management reduces the use of chemical pesticides, which is beneficial for both the environment and health.
It is safer to use organic pesticides instead of pesticides to control wheat diseases in the Rabi season.
Using organic fertilizer in the field increases soil fertility compared to using pesticides.
It is mandatory to take safety measures when spraying pesticides, otherwise it can have serious health effects.
This year, potato blight has appeared earlier than last year, so we need to be careful.
The use of chemical pesticides has a negative impact on the environment, so it is appropriate to use organic pesticides.
Instead of using pesticides to control weeds in the field, weeding is better, which also benefits the soil.
It is best to use organic pesticides instead of chemical pesticides to control pests in crops.
Using organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer in the field increases soil fertility and keeps the environment safe.
Take precautions when using pesticides, otherwise it can have serious effects on human health.
Among the diseases that affect crops, viral diseases are more difficult to treat than bacterial diseases.
This year, the outbreak of stem borers in rice is higher than last year, it should be controlled immediately.
Although the use of organic pesticides is safer than chemical pesticides, it takes some time to see its effect.
Using compost manure is better for the soil than chemical fertilizer because it provides the soil with the necessary nutrients.
Controlling pests in the field by organic methods instead of spraying pesticides is environmentally friendly.
If there are many weeds in the field, hand weeding is safer for the environment than using pesticides.
The use of pesticides reduces soil fertility, so using organic fertilizer is a good option for the soil.
Among the diseases that affect crops, viral diseases are more difficult to identify than other diseases.
This year, the infestation of rats in the field is higher than last year, so special attention should be paid to protect the crop.
Using organic pesticides instead of pesticides to control pests in rice is safer for the environment.
It is best to adopt organic control methods instead of using pesticides to control wheat diseases in the Rabi season.
The use of pesticides reduces soil fertility, so the use of organic fertilizers should be prioritized.
It is better to weed regularly than to use pesticides to control weeds in the field.
Among the diseases that affect crops, fungal diseases spread faster than bacterial diseases.
It is mandatory to take safety measures when spraying pesticides, otherwise it can have long-term health effects.
Integrated pest management helps reduce the use of pesticides, which is safer and more effective than traditional pesticide use.
How to get greenhouse vegetables to the export market?
What should be done to increase access to export markets to keep young people in agriculture?
What are the challenges to get these off-season vegetables to the export market?
What kind of support is the government providing to young farmers for export market promotion?
Is there any way to sell farm produce directly to the export market?
How to introduce local products to the international export market?
Can our village's organic vegetables compete in the export market?
What are the specific crops that are in demand in the export market that can be grown in greenhouses?
Which variety of vegetable would be suitable to plant in order to get a good price in the export market?
What is the quality testing process like when exporting abroad?
What kind of training should I take to increase access to the export market for my product?
What should the packaging be like when preparing for sale in the export market?
How is pricing done in the export market, do we have any control over it?
How can transportation costs be reduced when exporting greenhouse products?
Which fertilizers and seeds should be used to produce according to the demand in the export market?
Can an agricultural cooperative be established in this area for the export market?
What is the demand for pesticide-free products in the export market?
Where can I get the documents needed for the export market?
Do banks provide loans to young farmers to send goods to the export market?
Does the government provide any subsidies for sending goods to the export market?
Do we need insurance to send goods to the export market?
How to find out what the rules are in which country when sending goods to the export market?
How to advertise my product in the export market?
What should be the role of the export market to attract youth to agriculture?
What are the herbs that are in demand in the export market?
How to reduce the cost of production to compete in the export market?
Who takes responsibility for goods that are not sold in the export market?
Has the local government brought any programs to promote the export market?
How to establish the identity of Nepali products in the export market?
Where should I contact to find new opportunities in the export market?
How to encourage young people to get involved in the export market instead of going abroad?
How to get the necessary permits to send goods to the export market?
How to brand my product in the export market?
Does the Ministry of Agriculture provide any information regarding the export market?
Which mode of transport to use when sending goods to the export market?
What is the customs procedure for sending goods to the export market?
Are there any fees for sending goods to the export market?
In which language should the label be when sending goods to the export market?
In which currency should I receive payment when sending goods to the export market?
Which organization should I collaborate with to send goods to the export market?
Is there any tax छूट (chhut) for sending goods to the export market?
When sending goods to the export market, which country's market is suitable?
What time is best to send goods to the export market?
What are the risks when sending goods to the export market?
What technical knowledge is needed when sending goods to the export market?
What legal procedures need to be completed when sending goods to the export market?
Which culture should be considered when sending goods to the export market?
What quality standards need to be met when sending goods to the export market?
What climate change effects are there when sending goods to the export market?
What kind of encouragement do young farmers need when sending goods to the export market?
How to manage the price fluctuations when selling directly from the seed bank through cooperative marketing after the earthquake?
How to get the seeds stuck in the seed bank to the wholesale market because they didn't get a fair price in the local market?
Can cooperatives use online markets to sell seeds directly to farmers without middlemen?
What arrangements has the cooperative made to supply seeds according to demand to the farmers this Rabi season?
What documents are required when the cooperative exports seeds stored in the seed bank?
Can joining a cooperative and buying seeds avoid the commission taken by middlemen?
What kind of support does the cooperative provide to sell seeds produced using irrigation equipment in the local market?
What role does cooperative marketing play in reducing seed price fluctuations?
If this seed cannot be sold in the local market, what is the way to get it to the wholesale market?
What programs has the cooperative brought to encourage farmers to sell seeds directly?
Is there a system for the cooperative to train farmers to sell seeds in the online market?
Is there a system for the cooperative to provide information about taxes on seed exports?
What plans has the cooperative made to get this seed directly to consumers without middlemen?
Has the cooperative introduced an insurance plan to protect farmers from seed price fluctuations?
What needs to be done to make the seeds produced by the cooperative competitive in the local market?
What percentage of commission does the cooperative take when selling this seed in the wholesale market?
Does the cooperative teach farmers to use online markets when selling seeds?
Does the cooperative help in preparing the documents required for seed export?
Has the cooperative arranged for direct sales and distribution to prevent the manipulation of middlemen?
What has the cooperative done to provide farmers with timely information on seed price fluctuations?
If the seeds are not sold in the local market, how does the cooperative get them to the wholesale market?
What percentage of discount does the cooperative offer to farmers when selling directly?
What kind of platform does the cooperative provide to farmers to sell seeds in the online market?
Where can I find the export documents required for seed export?
How does the cooperative control the middlemen from increasing the price of seeds?
How does the cooperative determine the price of seeds, considering price fluctuations?
What plans has the cooperative made to increase the demand for seeds in the local market?
How has the cooperative arranged transportation to deliver seeds to the wholesale market?
How does the cooperative take payment when selling seeds in the online market?
What kind of assistance does the cooperative provide to farmers when exporting seeds?
Did the cooperative arrange to buy seeds directly from farmers, removing the middlemen?
Has the cooperative set up any fund to prevent fluctuations in seed prices?
What kind of programs has the cooperative run to increase seed sales in the local market?
What strategy does the cooperative adopt when selling seeds in the wholesale market?
Who determines the price of seeds in the online market - the cooperative or the farmer?
Who pays the customs duty when exporting seeds?
What advice does the cooperative give to farmers to discourage middlemen?
What does the cooperative suggest farmers do to avoid seed price fluctuations?
What does the cooperative do if there is no demand for seeds in the local market?
What percentage of profit does the cooperative give to farmers when selling seeds in the wholesale market?
What kind of security arrangement does the cooperative adopt when selling seeds online?
Which countries does the cooperative prioritize when exporting seeds?
How does the cooperative reduce the losses caused by middlemen?
How does the cooperative inform farmers about seed price fluctuations?
What does the cooperative do to maintain the quality of seeds in the local market?
What kind of competition does the cooperative face when selling seeds in the wholesale market?
How to advertise seeds online? Does the cooperative teach that?
What standards does the cooperative adopt when exporting seeds?
What does the cooperative give to farmers as an incentive to remove middlemen?
Does the cooperative provide any training to farmers to avoid seed price fluctuations?
The seed bank should have integrated pest management training for rat control.
Now we should control pests in the fields by using organic pesticides.
Increase the use of compost fertilizer in the field and reduce the use of chemical pesticides.
If there are many weeds in the field during rice planting, plow with a power tiller.
Use poison to prevent rat infestation in the field during harvesting.
Farmers need to know about pesticide safety.
Good production can be achieved if weeds are controlled in the field.
This year, there was an outbreak of viral disease in rice, so be careful.
If you see a pest problem in the field, consult an agricultural technician immediately.
The seed bank will distribute pesticides to prevent fungal diseases in the field.
Adopt biological control methods to protect potatoes from bacterial diseases.
It is very important to take safety precautions when using pesticides.
The seed bank will conduct classes to provide information on the safe use of pesticides.
Consult an agricultural expert before spraying pesticides after the crop is infected.
If you see a lot of pests in the field, adopt an integrated pest management system.
Encourage farmers to use organic pesticides instead of chemical pesticides.
The seed bank has arranged training for farmers on weed control.
This year, the incidence of stem borer in rice has increased, so pesticides may need to be sprayed.
Unnecessary weeds in the fields affect the crop, so weed regularly.
The seed bank will inform farmers about the things to keep in mind when using pesticides.
Using compost fertilizer increases soil fertility and reduces the chance of pests.
To reduce pesticide use, we should focus on producing organic pesticides.
To control rats in the field, you can use different organic methods.
Because there's a lot of rain this year, rice might get a fungal infection, so be careful.
Give the right advice to farmers who come to the seed bank to ask about pesticides.
To control pests in the field, we need to increase the use of beneficial organisms.
When using pesticides, you also have to think about the effect on the environment.
Use the right methods for weed control, it will increase production.
The seed bank should make farmers aware of integrated pest management.
If you see a rat problem in the field, use methods like trapping or poison.
Explain to farmers that using chemical pesticides reduces soil fertility.
Weeds make it hard for crops to get the nutrients they need, so weed on time.
To protect from diseases in the field, only plant seeds after treating them.
When spraying pesticides, don't forget to wear a mask and gloves for safety.
Integrated pest management helps protect the environment.
Using too much pesticide in the field has a negative effect on human health.
Farmers should be taught how to make organic pesticides.
If your crop gets a disease, contact an agricultural technician right away.
To control rats in the field, we need to make a group effort.
Tell farmers about the pollution of soil and water that happens when using pesticides.
Seed banks should provide farmers with the necessary tools for weed control.
If you can increase the number of earthworms in the field, you can reduce the use of chemical pesticides.
When using pesticides, spray considering the direction of the wind.
Farmers should be trained to identify diseases that affect crops.
To control rats, keep the area around the field clean.
Increase the use of organic fertilizer to reduce the use of pesticides.
Seed banks should teach farmers various methods for weed control.
Farmers should have the ability to recognize insects that infest crops.
Keeping a cat is also a good way to control rats in the field.
The government should make rules to reduce the environmental impact of pesticide use.
Be careful when buying chemical fertilizer from cooperatives; using more than the recommended amount can damage the soil.
Compost fertilizer is at risk of spoiling when stored in a damp place, so take special care when storing it in cold storage.
When using urea fertilizer, do not use it blindly without testing the soil; it can reduce the soil's fertility.
DAP fertilizer is at risk of developing mold when stored in cold storage, so check it from time to time.
Potash fertilizer can cause a chemical reaction when stored mixed with other chemical fertilizers; always keep it separate.
When using biofertilizers, don't forget to check the expiration date, otherwise you may not get good results in the crop.
When applying for fertilizer subsidies at the cooperative, submit the necessary documents only after checking them carefully, otherwise the process may be delayed.
Get weather information when applying fertilizer; fertilizer is likely to wash away when applied during the rainy season.
Excessive use of fertilizer can have a negative impact on the environment, so use only a balanced amount.
When applying fertilizer in the pre-monsoon season, consider the soil condition and the needs of the crop; using it in a hurry may not be beneficial.
Before using fertilizer in post-monsoon, check the soil moisture; fertilizer might not work well in very wet soil.
When using fertilizer in the Kharif season, choose fertilizer according to the crop; the wrong fertilizer can damage the crop.
When using fertilizer in the spring season, be mindful of the temperature; high temperatures can reduce the effectiveness of the fertilizer.
Using a power tiller can damage the soil structure, so only use it after adjusting the depth.
When making compost fertilizer, decompose it well; using undecomposed compost fertilizer can cause disease in the crop.
Don't forget to take an official receipt from the cooperative when buying fertilizer, otherwise you might get cheated.
Using a tractor can compress the soil in the field a lot, so only use it when necessary.
Encourage the use of organic fertilizer as an alternative to chemical fertilizer; excessive use of chemical fertilizer damages the soil.
Leaving urea fertilizer in the open can reduce its quality, so always store it in a safe place.
When using DAP fertilizer, check the soil's acidity; its effectiveness may be reduced in acidic soil.
Using potash fertilizer can increase the salt content in the soil, so only use it after testing the soil.
Don't put biofertilizers directly in the sun; the bacteria in them are likely to die.
Maintain social distance while queuing at the cooperative for fertilizer subsidies; the risk of corona is still there.
Wear protective clothing when using fertilizer; chemical fertilizer can affect the skin.
Excessive use of fertilizer can increase pollution in water sources, so use it carefully.
When using fertilizer in the pre-monsoon season, also consider the risk of flooding; floods can wash away the fertilizer.
Protect fertilizer from the cold when using it in the post-monsoon season; the cold can reduce the quality of the fertilizer.
When using fertilizer in the Kharif season, consider the possibility of drought; drought can reduce the effectiveness of the fertilizer.
When using fertilizer in the spring season, there is a possibility of pest infestation, so also use pesticides.
Follow safety rules when operating a power tiller; there is a risk of accidents.
Don't mix plastic stuff when making compost fertilizer, it can pollute the soil.
If you have to pay more than the price set by the cooperative when buying fertilizer, report it immediately, there might be black market activity.
Get the necessary training before driving a tractor, accidents can happen if you drive without experience.
Using chemical fertilizer can reduce the fertility of the soil, so prioritize organic fertilizer.
Excessive use of urea fertilizer can increase the amount of nitrogen in the soil, which can harm crops.
When storing DAP fertilizer, keep it away from cold and damp places, it can cause the fertilizer to clump.
When using potash fertilizer, check the amount of potassium in the soil, excessive potassium can hinder the absorption of other nutrients.
Don't use biofertilizers mixed with chemical fertilizers, it can reduce the effectiveness of the biofertilizer.
Don't submit fake documents to the cooperative for fertilizer subsidies, you might face legal action.
Consider the wind direction when applying fertilizer, the wind can blow the fertilizer and affect others.
Excessive fertilizer use increases the chance of crop diseases, so only use it in balanced amounts.
Avoid lightning when applying fertilizer in the pre-monsoon season, it can be risky to work in open areas.
When applying fertilizer in the post-monsoon season, there is a possibility of fog, drive carefully.
Protect crops from wild animals when applying fertilizer in the Kharif season, they can damage crops.
Consider the risk of fire when applying fertilizer in the spring season, fire can break out in dry weather.
Avoid the smoke when operating a power tiller, it can cause breathing problems.
Don't mix pesticide-treated weeds when making compost fertilizer, it can make the soil toxic.
Don't crowd at the cooperative when buying fertilizer, maintain social distance.
Don't use a mobile phone while driving a tractor, you can get distracted and have an accident.
Follow safety standards when storing chemical fertilizers in cold storage, otherwise accidents can happen.
Looks like the wheat in the warehouse has mold, we need to test the quality.
This year's Rabi season, unseasonal rain ruined many farmers' crops.
Farmers had a lot of trouble getting fertilizer when planting rice.
Farmers are worried because the price of cardamom stored in the warehouse has decreased.
Even though apple production is good this year, there's a problem getting it to market.
The lentils might have bugs because of poor storage.
Need to get information about the new soybean seeds that came to the warehouse.
This spring, vegetable production wasn't as expected.
It would be easier for farmers if they could use power tillers during planting.
Looks like we need to increase the storage capacity of the corn stock in the warehouse.
As a researcher, I saw that climate change has greatly affected rice cultivation.
We need to spray pesticide immediately to control pests in the warehouse.
It is good for farmers to get their soil tested when sowing wheat seeds.
This year's rice season, lack of water seems to be reducing production.
We need to test if the lentil seeds stored in the warehouse can be used for next year.
There is a lack of space to store the fruits produced by the farmers.
There seems to be a problem with the ginger stored in the warehouse, so it needs to be checked.
This year's harvest time, the rain caused a lot of damage.
The tractor that came with the grant has helped the farmers a lot.
Looks like we need to pay attention to the quality of the millet stored in the warehouse.
Because of climate change, rice production has decreased.
Farmers should get the fertilizer they need for wheat farming on time.
The corn stored in the warehouse has started getting infested, so it needs treatment right away.
This year, vegetable farming has a lot of disease, so production is likely to decrease.
It seems like farmers need to get improved seeds for fruit farming.
The price of lentils stored in the warehouse has decreased in the market, causing problems for farmers.
Even though cardamom production is good this year, it's hard to get a fair price.
The soybean stored in the warehouse needs to be sent to the lab to check the quality.
This spring, farmers didn't get vegetable seeds on time.
The use of power tillers has made things much easier for farmers.
The corn stored in the warehouse might have mold.
I saw that climate change has greatly affected rice farming.
Pesticides need to be sprayed immediately to control pests in the warehouse.
It's beneficial for farmers to get their soil tested when sowing wheat seeds.
This year's rice season shows signs of reduced production due to water scarcity.
It's necessary to test whether the lentil seeds stored in the warehouse are suitable for use next year.
Farmers are complaining about the lack of space to store the fruits they produce.
There's a problem with the ginger stored in the warehouse, so it needs to be checked immediately.
This year, the rain caused a lot of damage during the harvest.
The tractor that came with the grant has helped farmers a lot.
Looks like we need to pay special attention to the quality of millet stored in the warehouse.
Wheat production has increased this Rabi season.
Farmers need improved seeds for paddy cultivation.
The condition of the corn stock in the warehouse is not good.
Farmers are worried because a new disease has appeared in vegetable farming this year.
Farmers need training for fruit farming.
Farmers have suffered losses because the price of lentils stored in the warehouse has decreased.
Even though cardamom production is good, the market problem remains.
The soybean seeds stored in the warehouse may be infested with insects.
The price of vegetables has skyrocketed this spring.
When will the compost fertilizer making training be organized in the hilly region?
What do I need to do to get subsidies on fertilizer and seeds for organic production?
Is there a system for testing the organic health of the soil in our area?
What will be the market price like if we do organic farming this seed planting season?
Where can I find the organic fertilizer needed for organic farming?
What will the production be like if we only use compost fertilizer without using chemical fertilizer?
What kind of seeds are suitable for organic farming in hilly areas?
When will the consumer awareness program come to the village?
How much does it cost to certify organic products?
What should be done to increase soil fertility when doing organic farming?
How can we make using natural pesticides effective in a place like this?
What should we do to get a premium price for organic products in the market?
Should we choose seeds only after testing the soil health?
What's a good way to make compost fertilizer for organic farming?
What kind of support can we get to take organic products to the market?
Where should we do soil testing to check the quality of seeds?
Where can we find the herbs needed to make natural pesticides?
Do we get the same yield using organic fertilizer as with chemical fertilizer?
When will there be compost fertilizer making training in the hilly region?
How can we inform consumers about organic products?
Can we control pests by using natural pesticides or not?
What are the processes for organic certification?
How is the market premium for goods produced from organic farming determined?
What should we do to increase soil biodiversity in this place?
How can we use natural resources in organic farming?
How can we gather the investment needed for organic farming?
How to do the marketing of goods produced from organic farming?
What are the natural treatments for diseases in organic farming?
How to make compost fertilizer to increase soil fertility?
What kind of soil is suitable for organic farming in our area?
What all can we find to make natural pesticides in the hilly areas?
How long does it take for organic certification?
How beneficial is the market premium for organic products?
What kind of report do we get when we do soil health testing?
How do we use compost fertilizer for organic farming?
Do they provide information about organic farming in consumer awareness programs?
What kind of impact does using natural pesticides have on the environment?
What kind of documents are needed for organic certification?
What kind of seeds would be suitable to plant for organic farming in this place?
How can we increase the market premium for organic products?
Can we know what kind of farming to do after doing soil health testing?
Where can we get compost fertilizer for organic farming?
How do we make consumers understand the importance of organic products?
How safe does natural pesticide keep the crops?
Where should we contact for organic certification?
How much relief does the market premium for organic products give to farmers?
How to improve the soil's biological processes when doing organic farming?
What kind of impact does the use of natural fertilizer have in organic farming?
This year's potato production was good, but it's difficult to get cooperative loans to store in cold storage.
The government should simplify the crop insurance claim process, it would be easier if there was a problem with the potatoes stored in the cold store.
I heard the Agriculture Bank has a special loan program for women farmers, might be useful for storing potatoes in the cold store here.
When will the government subsidy for buying fertilizer and seeds come? It would be easier to pay the cold store rent.
This time's rain ruined a lot of potatoes, I should apply for insurance, some that I stored in the cold store are still okay.
Agriculture Development Bank gives loans at low interest rates, it's beneficial for farmers who store potatoes in the cold store.
I rented a power tiller this year for potato farming, I'll have to sell the potatoes after storing them in the cold store to repay the loan.
I farmed potatoes with a loan from the cooperative, I thought it would be safe to store them in the cold store.
If I had insured the potatoes, I would have gotten some relief even if there was damage in the cold store, I'll insure them from next year.
The government should give agricultural subsidies to small farmers too, it's very difficult to pay the cold store rent.
Even though the potato production is good this year, there's no price in the market, there's no option but to store them in the cold store and wait, but how to repay the loan?
I heard the Agriculture Bank has a plan to give loans to women farmers without collateral, I need a loan to get the potatoes to the cold store.
The loan from the microfinance allowed me to farm potatoes, but it's difficult to pay the cold store rent.
If the government gave subsidies for storing potatoes in the cold store, it would be a great relief to the farmers.
The potatoes got diseased and I lost a lot, I wonder if the government will give compensation, I wonder if the potatoes stored in the cold store will also spoil.
This year, potato production decreased due to the lack of chemical fertilizer, if I had received fertilizer on subsidy, I could have stored more potatoes in the cold store.
The agriculture office held a camp in the village to provide information about crop insurance, insurance provides relief if there is damage in the cold store.
The cooperative said they would give loans to farmers at low interest rates, but the process is very complicated, I need a loan immediately to store potatoes in the cold store.
If the government reduced the interest rate on agricultural loans, it would greatly help the farmers, it would be easier to pay the cold store rent.
Many farmers are in trouble because they cannot repay the loan taken for potato farming, the potatoes stored in the cold store are not getting a good price.
The government should provide special agricultural subsidies to women farmers, so that it is easier to transport potatoes to the cold store.
This year, potatoes got late blight, I lost a lot, I have applied to the agriculture office for insurance claim, it seems like it will also affect the potatoes stored in the cold store.
Government should give farmers subsidies for good seeds and fertilizer, so the potatoes in the cold store stay good.
The cooperative is pushing me to pay back the loan I took for potato farming, I told them I'll pay it after selling the potatoes in the cold store.
It would be a relief if the Agricultural Development Bank gave farmers loans without collateral, it's so hard to pay the cold store rent.
The government should also give farmers subsidies for agricultural tools, it would be easier to farm potatoes with a power tiller, and we could store more in the cold store.
This year the potato production decreased because it didn't rain on time, the government should give compensation, how will I pay the cold store rent?
The interest rate on loans from the cooperative is too high, it would be easier to store potatoes in the cold store if we got loans at a cheaper rate.
It would be very beneficial to farmers if the government gave subsidies for building cold stores, it would save the potatoes from spoiling.
We have to use a lot of pesticides when farming potatoes, the government should give subsidies for organic pesticides, so the potatoes in the cold store are healthy.
This year the price of potatoes has decreased and farmers are suffering, the government should set a fair price, what's the point of keeping them in the cold store?
Farmers are having problems because the agricultural insurance company doesn't give crop compensation on time, what's the point if the potatoes in the cold store spoil?
The government should train farmers on how to farm potatoes and how to store them in cold stores.
The cooperative should provide farmers with fertilizer, seeds, and pesticides at a cheap price, so the potatoes in the cold store are safe.
The government should give farmers subsidies on electricity for irrigation, if the potato farming is good, it would be easier to store them in the cold store.
The Agricultural Development Bank should make it easier for farmers to get loans, so it's easier to pay the cold store rent.
This year the potato tuber moth damaged a lot of potatoes, I don't even have money to buy pesticides, how to save the potatoes in the cold store?
The government should open centers where farmers can rent agricultural tools, it would be easier to farm potatoes by renting a power tiller, and we could store more in the cold store.
Potato seeds are very expensive to buy, the government should give subsidies for seeds, then we can store good potatoes in the cold store.
The government should give farmers subsidies for transporting potatoes to the cold store.
The cooperative should teach farmers to save money, so it's easier to pay back loans, and we can pay back the loan by selling the potatoes in the cold store.
The Agricultural Development Bank should give farmers loans to do technology-based farming, so we can increase production and store it in the cold store.
Government should do soil testing camps for farmers, then they'll know how much fertilizer to put, and the potatoes in the cold store will be good quality.
Potato production wasn't good this year, it's hard to even pay my son's school fees, how will I pay the cold store rent? I also have to pay the cooperative loan installment.
Government should provide free agricultural consulting services to farmers, then we can learn what to consider when storing potatoes in the cold store.
It's very difficult to pay back the loan I took from the cooperative for potato farming this year, I'm thinking of paying it off by selling the potatoes in the cold store.
Government should inform farmers about agricultural insurance, if the crops are damaged, we'll get relief, and the potatoes in the cold store will also be safe.
Agricultural Development Bank should give farmers concessional loans to start agricultural businesses, so we can build cold stores and store potatoes.
Government should encourage farmers to use organic fertilizer, so the potatoes in the cold store are healthy. It would be easier if they gave subsidies.
Potato production was high this year, but there's no price in the market, if the government bought the potatoes, farmers would get relief, and there's no fear of the potatoes in the cold store rotting.
It doesn't look like beekeeping will be good even in the winter season this year, maybe because it hasn't rained.
How have you managed the feed for the livestock, sister?
Can we feed this compost fertilizer to the cow, sir?
I'm thinking of starting fish farming along with mushroom farming, what do you say?
What kind of subsidies does the government give for goat farming, can I get information?
It rained during the rice harvesting time, now how to manage straw for the livestock?
Many farmers are troubled by the problem of diseases in poultry farming, is there any new solution?
This power tiller is very easy for plowing the field, but it's hard to buy because it's expensive.
Farmers are complaining that climate change has affected honey production.
The recent storm knocked down the beehive, what to do now?
Is it possible to get a loan from somewhere to raise improved breed buffaloes?
These days, the trend of raising pigs in modern pens has increased even in villages.
It would be great if someone could check how suitable this place is for sheep farming.
This year the rice production decreased, so I'm worried about how to feed the livestock.
I heard the government has brought an agriculture insurance plan, what facilities are there in it?
It would be easier if I had training on how to protect bees in this weather.
Is the compost fertilizer we produce good only for fields or also for animals?
Does this pesticide affect animals as well as crops?
What can be done to reduce the impact of climate change on animal husbandry?
Nowadays, even yak farmers are decreasing, what could be the reason for this?
What kind of soil is suitable for making a pond for fish farming?
Where is a place where medicines needed for animals are easily available?
It's been very problematic not having an animal service center in our village.
Is it better to raise local chickens in this place or other breeds?
Has the government brought any new plans to promote the livestock business?
How to keep beehives safe during the rainy season?
What kind of documents are needed for the livestock insurance plan?
Nowadays, new diseases have started appearing in animals, what could be the reason for this?
Where should I go to get training to raise improved breeds of goats?
How to treat diseases in animals caused by weather changes?
This year there was not enough grass for animals because it didn't rain on time.
What should I do to get a bank loan for animal husbandry?
Can you teach me how to make chicken feed?
How suitable is the soil here for pig farming?
What's the market like for sheep wool clothes in this area?
Can you give me information about the impact of climate change on animal husbandry?
Is it better to raise local breed cows or improved breed cows?
How much income can you get from selling bee honey?
What kind of grass is suitable to plant in this place for animal husbandry?
I'm worried about what to feed the animals since the crops haven't been good this year.
How can the animal husbandry business be modernized?
How can the impact of climate change on livestock be reduced?
Are there any new technologies related to animal husbandry?
What kind of support does the government provide to farmers for animal husbandry?
What is the potential for fish farming in this area?
How to plant suitable flowers for beekeeping?
Where to contact for information regarding animal husbandry?
How to protect animals from diseases?
How can you identify the medicines needed for livestock?
What kind of environment is needed to raise cows and buffaloes in this place?
Even after the floods caused a lot of damage in the Terai region, farmers haven't been able to get fair prices due to lack of access to online markets.
Farmers never get the right price for their produce in the local market because of the middlemen.
Didn't get good price for the vegetables grown in the Rabi season, so had a big loss.
Even after adopting cooperative farming, the production wasn't as expected due to lack of fertilizer.
The power tiller is broken and sitting idle, can't find a place to repair it.
This year the quality of production decreased because of excessive use of chemical pesticides.
Many farmers haven't been able to sell their produce because they don't know about online markets.
Farmers haven't been able to send goods abroad because the export documentation process is complicated.
Farmers are suffering because traders collude and lower prices in the wholesale market.
There's a problem because there's no training to increase the use of compost fertilizer.
Farmers haven't been able to plan and cultivate because of price fluctuations.
Haven't received the relief announced by the government after the flood swept away the fields.
Many fields remained barren because it didn't rain during rice planting season, who will compensate for this?
There was a problem because the government's seed subsidy for farmers wasn't received on time.
Got tired of going to the bank for agricultural loans, but couldn't get a loan.
Half the crop was destroyed this year due to the insect infestation, what will we eat now?
Worried about how to repay the loan after the production decreased due to lack of fertilizer.
There was a problem because the cooperative also didn't provide fertilizer on time.
Farmers are always cheated because middlemen buy cheap and sell expensive.
The crops planted in the field dried up due to lack of irrigation.
There are no young people in the village who are trained for online marketing.
There is a problem in price determination due to limited buyers in the local market.
Even though the support price for rice was set this year, it's hard to reach the buying centers.
Even with agricultural insurance, it's hard to get compensation on time when crops are damaged.
Because the roads were bad during the buying season, we couldn't get the goods to the market.
How long will this trend of traders setting the price of farmers' produce continue?
It's a hassle to get the services and facilities from the government agriculture office.
This year, planting a new variety of rice didn't produce well, what to do now?
It's a hassle to submit a lot of paperwork to get a subsidy for a power tiller.
There's a lack of information to advertise my products in the online market.
Farmers are disappointed because the local government isn't investing in the agricultural sector.
There's a problem accessing the online market because there's no internet in the village.
Farmers have been hit hard by the black market for chemical fertilizers this year.
Farmers have stopped trusting because of the irregularities in the cooperative.
It's difficult for the agricultural programs announced by the government to reach the farmers.
Crops have been damaged due to unseasonal rains caused by climate change.
It's difficult to find people to farm in the village because the youth have gone abroad.
Production costs are increasing when farming in the traditional way.
There is a lot of loss due to the lack of proper storage for agricultural products.
It is difficult to compete with Indian vegetables in the local market.
The price of potatoes has dropped so much this year that even the cost could not be recovered.
It was late to plant rice due to lack of rain on time, there is concern that production will decrease.
The subsidy money that the government said they'd give to farmers, we didn't get it on time.
It's hard to get info about new technology because there's no agriculture technician in the village.
I don't have the knowledge and skills needed to sell stuff in the online market.
When we get to the wholesale market, the traders reduce the price making different excuses.
The cooperative didn't distribute fertilizer on time, so it affected production.
It takes too long to make the documents needed for export.
The middlemen make too much profit between the farmer and the consumer.
There's a problem because there's no secure way to pay in the online market.
The weather forecast shows the monsoon will start on time this year, so we request farmers to prepare accordingly.
Unexpected rain and drought due to climate change has affected seed production.
We advise farmers to use drought-resistant seeds.
We request farmers to be alert as hail can damage crops.
The agriculture office has provided information on measures to take to protect crops from snowfall.
We suggest farmers in areas prone to flooding to store seeds in a safe place.
We request farmers at risk of landslides to immediately go to a safe place.
We urge farmers to use fertilizer and seeds in the field only after getting weather forecast information.
We have introduced new technologies and seeds for climate adaptation.
We are collaborating with the agricultural extension office to get information to farmers on time.
We have provided improved varieties of seeds for winter crops this year.
We have organized training to encourage farmers to use compost fertilizer.
We have been providing subsidies to farmers for irrigation equipment.
There's a lot of demand for paddy seeds this monsoon season.
We help farmers choose seeds according to the weather.
We have conducted various programs to reduce the impact of climate change on agriculture.
We urge farmers to participate in insurance schemes to minimize losses from floods.
The agriculture office distributed relief to farmers affected by the drought.
We have arranged compensation for farmers who have suffered damage from hail.
We have arranged for farmers to receive weather forecast information on their mobiles via SMS.
We regularly conduct agricultural extension programs to provide farmers with new agricultural information.
This year, it was late to plant rice due to lack of timely rain, and the problem of drought is increasing.
We train farmers to adopt climate-smart agricultural practices.
The agriculture office organized an exhibition to inform farmers about improved seeds.
We encourage farmers to test their soil so they know the correct amount of fertilizer to use.
We couldn't provide wheat seeds on time this year.
We help farmers get agricultural loans.
We advise farmers to use organic pesticides for pest control.
The price of potato seeds has increased this year.
We have organized programs to explain the importance of agricultural insurance to farmers.
Many farmers are worried this year because of disease in the paddy crop.
We have introduced crop insurance schemes for farmers to reduce losses from storms.
This year, the corn production is likely to decrease because it didn't rain on time.
We teach farmers to farm according to the season.
This year, the frost caused a lot of damage to the orange trees.
We advise farmers to use new technology to reduce the impact of climate change.
This year, continuous rain has damaged vegetable farming.
We encourage farmers to collect rainwater.
We have arranged subsidies for rice seeds for the farmers.
This year, farmers are facing problems because they didn't get fertilizer on time.
We have started a helpline service to provide agricultural information to farmers.
This year, excessive heat has affected vegetable production.
We have planned to provide subsidies on agricultural tools for the farmers.
This year, the flood swept away the paddy fields and caused a lot of damage.
We advise farmers to plant alternative crops to avoid drought.
This year, the continuous drought has reduced corn production.
We request farmers to farm according to the weather forecast information.
We request farmers to go to a safe place to avoid landslides during the rainy season.
We encourage farmers to increase production by using improved seeds.
It's really a problem when we don't get the government fertilizer subsidy on time during planting season.
I was planning to do vegetable farming with a loan from the cooperative, but I don't know what will happen this year.
Many sisters are stressed because they can't pay the microfinance interest.
I heard you can get subsidized loans from Agriculture Development Bank, gotta understand what the process is.
Too much rain this year damaged the paddy crop, how do I claim the insurance?
If we knew about the government grants on time, it would be a relief.
I'm scared that my land will be auctioned because I couldn't pay back the loan from the cooperative on time.
Microfinance really harasses small farmers, they should reduce the interest rate.
Agricultural Development Bank should give loans prioritizing women farmers.
If I had crop insurance, I wouldn't be suffering like this today, I'll do it next season.
It's difficult for the government grants to reach the real farmers.
There's no other option than taking a loan from the cooperative for fertilizer and seeds.
Microfinance has made many women self-reliant in the villages.
Agricultural Development Bank should bring new plans to attract young people to agriculture.
The crop has started to dry up because it hasn't rained on time, I should inform the insurance company.
The process for government grants is complicated, so we have to suffer.
It's hard to manage household expenses because of the cooperative loan.
It's very difficult for poor farmers to repay microfinance loans.
Agricultural Bank should provide loans to farmers in a simple way.
The potatoes weren't good this year, it would be a relief if I got the insurance money.
Camps should be run in villages to provide information about government grants.
I started goat farming by taking a loan from the cooperative, now I have to run the household from this.
Microfinance has played a big role in making women entrepreneurial.
The interest rate on loans from Agricultural Development Bank should be lower.
If you do crop insurance, you can farm without worry, even if there's loss, there's some relief.
The government should increase the subsidy on seeds and fertilizers for farmers.
I'm under mental stress because I can't repay the loan I took from the cooperative.
Many farmers have drowned because of the high interest rates of microfinance.
Agricultural Development Bank should also give loans to small farmers.
It's very problematic when you don't get the insurance money on time.
The government should arrange for the subsidy amount to be deposited directly into the farmers' accounts.
It's been difficult to manage household expenses because of the cooperative loan.
I have started poultry farming after taking a loan from microfinance.
Agricultural Development Bank should make it easier for farmers to get loans.
If insurance companies provided compensation quickly, farmers would get a lot of relief.
The government should create a mechanism to ensure that subsidies reach the real farmers.
This year, hail has caused a lot of damage to the crops I cultivated with a cooperative loan.
Microfinance has helped women become self-reliant.
Agricultural Development Bank should provide loans to farmers at subsidized rates.
Many farmers don't even know about crop insurance.
The rural municipality should provide information about the government's subsidies for farmers.
It has become difficult to educate my children because of the cooperative loan.
Microfinance has taught the women in the village how to save.
Agricultural Development Bank should encourage young people to do agricultural business.
Getting insurance claims is too much hassle.
The government should increase the amount of subsidies given to farmers.
I had to sell my land because I couldn't pay off the cooperative's loan.
Microfinance loans have improved the living standards of many women.
Agricultural Development Bank should provide loans to farmers to buy modern agricultural equipment.
After doing crop insurance, there is peace of mind, even if there is damage, we get something.
It would be great if farmers could get training on making natural pesticides.
It is necessary to use organic fertilizer to improve soil health.
This year there was a lot of rain in the Kharif season, rice production will decrease.
We should encourage farmers to use organic fertilizers.
Natural pesticides can protect crops from harmful insects.
If consumer awareness can be increased, the demand for organic products will increase.
The market price of goods produced from organic farming is a bit higher.
Farmers should be provided with the necessary materials to make fertilizer.
Using compost fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer benefits the soil.
They should teach how to use natural pesticides in organic farming.
The demand for organic products is increasing in the local market.
Farmers should be encouraged to get their soil tested.
The use of chemical pesticides has a negative impact on human health.
If organic products are certified, they sell easily in the market.
We should run training in villages to teach how to make natural pesticides.
We need to give information about earthworm farming for making compost fertilizer.
Does the government give any subsidies to farmers who do organic farming?
Understanding soil biology and using fertilizer increases production.
We need to inform about organic products by conducting consumer awareness programs.
The market premium price of organic products should be fixed.
Where can I find the organic materials needed for organic farming?
Farmers should be taught how to make organic fertilizer.
Testing the soil when planting crops tells you what kind of fertilizer is needed.
Nowadays, compost fertilizer is easily available in the market, we should use it.
It would be great if farmers could be trained to make natural pesticides.
Soil fertility increases when doing organic farming.
There is low demand for organic products due to lack of consumer awareness.
Using compost fertilizer increases the water absorption capacity of the soil.
It was difficult to get seeds to plant potatoes this year in the Rabi season.
Only after organic products are certified, a good price is obtained.
A separate stall should be set up for organic products in the local market.
The use of natural pesticides does not have a negative impact on the environment.
The biological quality of the soil must be good for organic farming.
Felt good knowing that using organic fertilizer increases the fertility of the soil.
There are many people in the market looking for pesticide-free food.
Consumers should be informed about organic products.
After using compost fertilizer in the field, the need for chemical fertilizer is reduced.
Farmers should be trained to promote organic farming.
Pests can be controlled by using natural pesticides.
The certification process for organic products should be simplified.
Learn how to make compost fertilizer and teach others too.
It is difficult to find a market for products produced from organic farming.
Fertilizer should be used only after testing the soil health.
Information about the benefits of organic products should be provided in consumer awareness programs.
How to use compost fertilizer in organic farming should be taught.
The importance of natural pesticides in organic farming should be explained.
A good price should be obtained for organic products at harvest time.
Had problem this year's planting season because I didn't get good seeds.
When spraying pesticides from a drone, pay attention to the wind speed and direction, otherwise it may affect the neighbor's crops.
Take all safety precautions when operating a power tiller, accidents can happen.
When determining the amount of fertilizer using a mobile app, check the soil test report carefully, otherwise the crop may be damaged.
Do not plant crops based only on the information shown in the weather app, local experience is also important.
Check the temperature and humidity regularly in greenhouse technology, otherwise the plants may die.
When installing a solar pump, pay attention to the quality, otherwise it can break down quickly and cause problems.
When choosing seeds during planting, take advice from an expert, otherwise the production may not be good.
When planting Kharif crops, don't forget to check the soil fertility, otherwise problems may occur later.
Do not plant seeds in the post-monsoon season without checking the moisture content in the field soil, it may not germinate.
Don't rush when preparing the field for Rabi crops, plow well before planting.
If you don't maintain the power tiller on time, it may fail when plowing the field.
When driving a tractor, pay attention to other vehicles on the road, accidents can happen.
When using chemical fertilizers, use only according to the soil's needs, it can damage the soil.
Make sure the compost manure is well decomposed, otherwise the crop may get diseases.
Don't forget to get permission for drone spraying, otherwise you may have to pay a fine.
Don't consider the amount of fertilizer shown in the mobile app as final, you may need to change it according to your field condition.
Relying only on the information in the weather app can sometimes be harmful, consult with local farmers as well.
Understand the precision farming system well before investing a lot, otherwise you may regret it later.
Use strong materials when building a greenhouse, otherwise the wind can blow it away.
Choose a place with enough sunlight for the solar pump, otherwise there may be problems with water extraction.
There may be a shortage of water during planting, so arrange for alternative irrigation beforehand.
During the Kharif season, heavy rains can flood the crops, so arrange for water drainage.
Insect infestations may increase in the post-monsoon season, so spray pesticides on time.
Protect crops from frost in the Rabi season, otherwise production may decrease.
When buying a power tiller, inquire about the warranty and after-sales service, otherwise problems may occur later.
Follow traffic rules when driving a tractor, you can avoid accidents.
Don't pay more than the price set by the government when buying fertilizer, you might get cheated.
Don't use harmful chemicals when making compost fertilizer, it can damage the soil.
Train the drone pilot well, otherwise there might be an accident.
Keep your personal information safe when using mobile apps, it can be misused.
The information shown by the weather app may not always be accurate, so use your experience too.
Pay special attention to data security in precision farming technology, it can be hacked.
Take necessary safety measures to prevent fire in the greenhouse.
Clean the solar pump regularly, otherwise its efficiency may decrease.
There may be a lack of necessary nutrients in the soil during planting, use fertilizer only after soil testing.
Landslides can occur due to excessive rainfall in the Kharif season, build embankments to protect the field.
It may rain during the post-monsoon harvest season, store it in a safe place.
There may be a shortage of water in the Rabi season, use drip irrigation technology.
If the power tiller is not serviced regularly, its lifespan may decrease.
Do not carry more than the load capacity when using a tractor, there may be an accident.
Buy fertilizer only from authorized dealers, you might get fake fertilizer.
If compost fertilizer is not stored properly, its quality may decrease.
When spraying pesticides from a drone, keep people and animals away, it can affect them.
Do not try to get subsidies by giving false information in the mobile app, legal action may be taken.
Ignoring the information in the weather forecast app can damage the crop.
When using precision farming, choose fertilizer according to the soil type, otherwise it might not be beneficial.
When using pesticides in the greenhouse, take safety measures, it can affect your health.
When running a solar pump, be careful of electrical safety, you could get shocked.
If you don't treat the seeds properly before planting, they can get diseases.
Even though there's a mobile app for weather forecasting in Terai, it's useless, it says sunny when it's raining.
The cooperative said they would give a loan for a power tiller, but they haven't given it yet.
This year, the wheat production in the Rabi season decreased due to not getting fertilizer on time, what is the cooperative doing?
Even after taking drone spraying training, the cooperative hasn't been able to provide work.
The subsidized power tiller is broken and sitting idle, it's hard to find someone to repair it.
The cooperative said they would give improved seeds, but they gave ordinary seeds like the ones found in the market.
Complaints are coming that rice production has decreased due to climate change, the cooperative hasn't taken any initiative.
The money that the cooperative collected for the solar pump is still unused.
The cooperative gave training about greenhouse technology, but didn't teach how to use it.
What's the point of talking about precision farming, when it comes to working in the field, we have to use the old methods.
The cooperative said they would rent out a tractor, but it was never available when needed.
There was a lot of damage to the crops because the information shown on the cooperative's weather app wasn't accurate.
The cooperative only collected names saying they would give power tiller operating training, don't know when the training will be.
The irrigation equipment given by the cooperative doesn't work well, it's always breaking down.
The cooperative said they would provide information through a mobile app when it's time to fertilize the field, but there's been no news so far.
Many farmers are in trouble because they couldn't repay the power tiller loan taken from the cooperative.
The cooperative said they'd bring improved seeds, but we're still using the old ones.
The cooperative made a weather app, but it never shows the correct information.
The cooperative gave training for precision farming, but didn't teach how to apply it in practice.
The cooperative said they'd install solar pumps, but haven't installed them in anyone's field yet.
The cooperative said they'd give grants for greenhouse technology, but it's very difficult to get that grant.
The cooperative said they'd give loans to buy tractors, but they ask for so many documents, how can farmers manage?
The cooperative collects money for drone spraying, but when it's time to spray, the drone is nowhere to be found.
The cooperative charges too much interest for power tillers, how can poor farmers pay?
The cooperative couldn't provide fertilizer on time, the crops were ruined.
The cooperative said they'd give loans for seeds, but haven't given them yet.
The cooperative should provide information about modern agricultural tools, but they don't.
The cooperative should teach farming methods according to the weather, but they don't.
The cooperative doesn't help with precision farming, just gives speeches.
The cooperative made us fill out forms for solar pumps, but there's been no news yet.
The cooperative should provide information about greenhouse technology, but they don't.
The cooperative should rent out tractors cheaply, but they charge a lot.
The cooperative didn't give training for drone spraying, only gave it to others.
The cooperative should build a place to repair power tillers, but they don't.
The cooperative should make proper arrangements for irrigation, but they don't.
The cooperative said they'd provide information through a mobile app, but no information has come yet.
The cooperative should provide crop insurance, but it doesn't.
The cooperative should give subsidies for agricultural tools, but it doesn't.
The cooperative should give accurate weather information, but it gives wrong info.
The cooperative should provide information about precision farming, but it doesn't.
The cooperative should help with solar pumps, but it doesn't.
The cooperative should provide plastic for greenhouse technology cheaply, but it doesn't.
The cooperative should give loans for tractors cheaply, but it charges high interest.
The cooperative should provide drone spraying service cheaply, but it charges a lot.
The cooperative should give easy loans for power tillers, but it makes things too complicated.
The cooperative should provide improved seeds cheaply, but it gives them at market price.
The cooperative should make the weather information app easy to use, but it's difficult.
The cooperative should provide free training for precision farming, but it charges money.
The cooperative should provide information about solar pumps, but it doesn't.
The cooperative should provide subsidies for greenhouse technology, but there are too many procedures.
Because the demand for seeds has increased after the earthquake reconstruction, the government subsidy has given us relief.
This year, the government has given special discounts on improved seeds for winter crops.
If a seed processing center could be built, the import-export policy would be easier.
Emphasizing the need to increase the use of green manure to make fertile soil, investment in agricultural infrastructure is necessary.
The crop insurance scheme brought by the government has helped farmers a lot.
Farmers have not been able to get information on time because the agricultural extension service is not effective.
Instead of leaving the land barren, it's better to participate in the land reform program brought by the government.
The seeds started drying up because it didn't rain on time, now we need to arrange irrigation equipment.
There's a rule that you have to be affiliated with a farmer's group to get the seed subsidy from the government.
It's been a problem not having a laboratory to test the quality of seeds.
The potato seed production wasn't good this year, I wonder if the government will give compensation?
The Agricultural Development Bank has provided loan facilities to farmers for seed purchase.
Because climate change has affected seed production, the government should bring a new policy.
Farmers producing seeds are being encouraged under the Prime Minister Agriculture Modernization Project.
Modern agricultural infrastructure should be developed for quality seed production.
Quarantine checks should be tightened when importing seeds.
The government should establish a seed bank to protect local seeds.
The use of organic fertilizer in seed production should be encouraged.
Because the price of seeds has increased this year, the government should give additional subsidies to farmers.
Advanced technology should be used to increase seed production.
The government should increase monitoring to control the quality of seeds.
The effects of climate change have negatively impacted seed production, what to do now?
Cold storage should be constructed for proper seed storage.
The participation of women farmers in seed production should be increased.
The government should facilitate the marketing of seeds.
Subsidies should be given on fertilizers to reduce the production cost of seeds.
Irrigation facilities should be developed to increase seed production.
New technologies and skills should be developed to increase seed production.
Farmers should be given training and counseling to increase seed production.
The government should introduce incentive programs to increase seed production.
It seems there will be a shortage of rice seeds this year, the government should pay attention on time.
The role of agricultural research centers is important to increase seed production.
Seed damage should also be included in the crop insurance program.
Young farmers should be attracted to increase seed production.
The government should make a long-term plan to increase seed production.
Private sector investment should be encouraged to increase seed production.
Cooperative organizations should be mobilized to increase seed production.
Local bodies should also help to increase seed production.
The media should raise public awareness to increase seed production.
The government should coordinate with all stakeholders to increase seed production.
Agricultural extension services should inform farmers about the importance of seeds.
Prizes should be arranged to encourage farmers to increase seed production.
Land improvement programs should help landless farmers.
It would be easier for farmers if a mobile app could be created to provide information about seeds.
The government should facilitate the import and export of seeds.
The use of modern equipment like power tillers should be increased in seed production.
The government should give subsidies to farmers for modern agricultural tools to increase seed production.
The government should provide technical assistance to farmers to increase seed production.
The government should provide financial assistance to farmers to increase seed production.
The government should provide concessional loans to farmers to increase seed production.
In hilly areas, women sisters can increase their income by planting fruit plants along with timber trees.
If you do mixed farming of mustard along with wheat in this year's Rabi season, the soil fertility will increase.
Only proper use of fertilizer provides the necessary nutrients to the soil.
Plant bamboo on the edges of the field to increase carbon storage, it also protects against landslides.
If you use organic fertilizer for fodder grass, the production will be good.
Before planting corn seeds in the upcoming pre-monsoon, get the soil tested.
When cultivating vegetables in the spring season, fertilize in a way that does not affect the fruit plants.
Immediately after harvesting paddy in the post-monsoon, plant wheat seeds, don't delay.
Proper management of fertilizer and water should be done initially to grow timber trees.
Women farmers should contact the agriculture office to get good quality saplings of fodder grass.
Soil testing should be done to find out the acidity of the soil when planting fruit plants.
Planting grass on the edges of the field helps to prevent soil erosion and store carbon.
Increase corn production this year by using improved seeds.
In an integrated farming system, timber trees, fruits and vegetables can be planted in one place.
It is much easier for women to work when using a power tiller in the field.
Planting fodder grass near the field also supports animal husbandry.
You can make acidic soil cultivable by using lime fertilizer.
To protect fruit plants from disease, pesticides should be used on time.
Women sisters can become self-reliant by planting fruit and timber plants.
To get good income from timber trees, weeding should be done from time to time.
In hilly areas, soil fertility can be maintained by adopting mixed farming system.
Before planting potatoes this Rabi season, add organic fertilizer to the soil.
To increase carbon storage, afforestation programs should be conducted in community forests.
To increase the production of fodder grass, it should be regularly fertilized and watered.
Dig a pond to collect water in the pre-monsoon and arrange for irrigation.
Before planting vegetable seeds in the spring season, the soil should be treated.
Soil fertility increases when mustard is cultivated after harvesting paddy in the post-monsoon.
Women farmers can also earn income by creating timber tree nurseries.
Fruit plants should not be planted in windy places.
To protect timber trees from insects, organic pesticides should be used.
Women farmers can create forests by planting fruit and timber plants collectively.
When planting fodder grass, you should consider what kind of soil is in which place.
Women can easily plow the fields by using a power tiller.
Using lime fertilizer in acidic soil increases soil fertility.
To protect fruit plants from disease, technical advice should be taken from time to time.
Before planting wheat seeds this Rabi season, prepare the soil well.
To increase carbon storage, we should start a tree planting campaign in the village.
When planting fodder tree saplings, you should use fertilizer properly.
Before planting corn in the pre-monsoon, put necessary fertilizer in the soil.
When farming vegetables in the spring season, you have to take care of the temperature.
After harvesting rice in the post-monsoon, planting mustard increases soil fertility.
To grow timber trees, you have to water them regularly.
Women sisters can become self-reliant by planting fruit plants.
Planting grass on the edges of the field helps prevent soil erosion.
What could be the interest rate on the loan given by microfinance?
When using pesticides to control weeds in the field, it is very important to take safety precautions.
This year's earthquake destroyed many farmers' seed storage places, so there is a seed problem.
To protect crops from fungal diseases, pesticides should be sprayed on time.
It is important to make farmers understand that the integrated pest management system has less impact on the environment.
After seeing excessive pest outbreaks in the field, the time has come to adopt biological control methods.
An agricultural technician should be called to provide information about wheat diseases in this season.
At the time of planting potatoes, it is better to dip the seeds in pesticide to protect them from pests in the field.
After the earthquake, many farmers' irrigation equipment in the fields was damaged, causing problems.
Emphasis should be placed on the use of organic fertilizers to reduce the use of pesticides.
If the crop gets sick, you should immediately consult with an agricultural expert.
It is necessary to know how to use pesticides properly when working in the fields.
This year, the bacterial disease in paddy rice has worried many farmers.
It's mandatory to wear a mask and gloves while spraying pesticides.
There are too many weeds in the field, so this time the rice production will decrease.
If weeds can be controlled by organic methods, the soil fertility increases.
Integrated pest management has less impact on the environment and human health.
New methods have to be adopted to cultivate again in the fields damaged by the earthquake.
It is better to use organic pesticides instead of chemical pesticides to control insects.
Excessive use of pesticides in the field reduces soil fertility.
This year, the rice stem borer infestation has increased, so pesticides have to be sprayed.
The problem of waterlogging in the field has increased the weeds a lot.
When using pesticides, the wind direction must be considered, otherwise it will also affect your health.
If insects can be killed by adopting biological control methods, there will be no negative impact on the environment.
When planting rice, the seeds should be treated with fungicide before planting.
Due to the viral diseases seen in the field, there is a possibility of reduced production this year.
Due to the earthquake, many farmers have problems because they don't have a place to store grain.
To prevent diseases in crops, agricultural technicians should be consulted from time to time.
If standards are not followed when using pesticides, it can have serious effects on human health.
Modern agricultural equipment should be used to control weeds in the field.
When using organic pesticides, insects cannot develop resistance.
The insects seen in the field should be identified and appropriate pesticides should be used.
After the earthquake, many farmers have problems because there's no road to reach the field.
Using pesticides kills even the good bugs in the soil.
If there are too many weeds in the field, it's hard to plow even with a tractor.
The Integrated Pest Management program has greatly benefited the farmers.
We should have an agriculture camp to give information about the different diseases seen in the field.
We should be aware because using pesticides has a negative impact on the environment.
We are looking for workers because weeding is needed to control weeds in the field.
Controlling insects with biological control methods is less expensive and more effective.
We should farm using new technology in the fields damaged by the earthquake.
You should use the necessary safety equipment when using pesticides.
Because there are too many weeds in the field, the production will decrease this year.
Farmers can benefit a lot by adopting the Integrated Pest Management system.
Training should be organized to provide information about field diseases and pests.
When using pesticides, keep the mobile phone in your pocket far away.
Using modern equipment to control weeds in the field saves time and labor.
Killing insects with biological control methods increases soil fertility.
After the earthquake, farmers should be informed about pesticides and seeds.
When using pesticides, keep children and livestock away.
Weeding should be done on time to control weeds in the field.
There are complaints that the crops did not grow well this year because the quality of the compost manure was not good.
Farmers are having a lot of problems because there's no soil testing facility.
Our fields are becoming barren because of continuous soil degradation.
The power tiller is broken down and just sitting there, and there's no one to fix it.
It would be really helpful for farmers if we could have a training on how to do mulching.
We need to bring a program to encourage crop rotation.
Even using green manure, the production wasn't as good as I expected.
I'm worried that the land is getting worse, how can we improve it?
Small farmers are having problems because irrigation equipment is expensive.
There are increasing complaints that the soil got even worse after using chemical pesticides.
The rain washes away a lot of soil, what should we do?
It feels like the soil fertility has decreased when it's time to plant winter crops.
The problem of acidic soil is increasing, which is affecting production.
It was much easier after getting training on making compost fertilizer, but it's hard to get that kind of training now.
Plants are dying because of waterlogging in the fields.
Where should I go to get my soil tested?
The potatoes have a disease this year, and even pesticides aren't working.
There are a lot of complaints that the soil quality has decreased due to the use of chemical fertilizers.
Even after applying fertilizer to the field, there wasn't much of a difference.
The corn didn't grow well this year due to lack of water, there's a complaint that there's no irrigation system.
Production is decreasing as the soil's pH balance is disrupted.
It's a problem not knowing when to put green manure in the field.
I'm worried because the land's productivity is decreasing.
The method of making compost manure is too old, we need new technology.
Even using organic fertilizer in the field, the pest problem didn't decrease.
The method of reducing soil acidity by using agricultural lime wasn't effective.
In the hilly region, landslides have washed away the fields.
During the rainy season, the field is filled with too much sand, causing problems.
Excessive use of chemical fertilizers has reduced the soil's fertility.
Farmers are discouraged because it costs too much to test the soil's health.
Excessive use of pesticides in the fields has affected the soil's biodiversity.
It's difficult to find the materials needed to make compost manure.
The problem of soil erosion during rainfall has caused a lot of trouble.
The lack of materials needed for mulching is causing problems.
Even when adopting crop rotation, the production wasn't as expected.
I'm afraid that leaving the land fallow might make it even worse.
I'm afraid to use green manure because I don't have enough information about it.
I couldn't get information about new technologies to increase land fertility.
The soil has deteriorated because the water used for irrigation has too many chemicals.
Plants are not growing well due to the lack of necessary nutrients in the soil.
Continuously planting the same crop has reduced the soil quality.
The price of chemical fertilizer went up, so there's a problem. We need to find an alternative like compost.
It's hard to understand the soil test report. I wish someone could explain it in simple language.
Mulching makes it easier to control weeds, but many people don't know about it.
It's a problem not getting training to operate a power tiller.
There's a complaint that the government isn't helping with soil improvement.
The government should give subsidies to increase compost fertilizer production.
It's a problem because there's no one to give information about soil.
There's nowhere to ask about the soil when it's time to plant crops.
We need to bring a program to save the soil, otherwise the land will be ruined if we just leave it.
Make sure to check the weather forecast before deciding when to spray pesticides, otherwise the rain will wash it away.
Because of the drought, the grass didn't grow well this time. What are we going to feed the animals?
There's a high chance of heavy rain this monsoon, it's better to go to a safe place to avoid landslides.
The hailstorm destroyed the crops, now I'm worried about what to eat.
If there's a lot of frost in the winter, it's hard to protect the livestock.
The risk of flooding has increased, so move the cattle to a safe place.
The land is sinking and the risk of landslides has increased, so leave the house immediately.
Climate change has had a bad impact on animal husbandry, how do we adapt to it?
Pay attention to the early warnings issued by the government and work accordingly.
After the monsoon starts, epidemics can spread among animals, so vaccinate them in time.
There were many problems due to lack of water when planting rabi crops.
To get good yield in the Kharif season, use fertilizer properly.
Keep the animals in a warm place during winter, frost can make them sick.
Keep the irrigation equipment ready, the timing of rain is not certain.
Be very careful when using pesticides, it can affect the animals.
Use fertilizer only after soil testing, unnecessary use has negative effects.
Soil moisture can be maintained by mulching, it is useful in drought.
According to this year's weather forecast, there seems to be less rainfall, how to manage water?
The time has come to use new technologies for climate adaptation.
Because we got early warning and were able to move to a safe place, there was not much damage.
Animals can get foot-and-mouth disease in the monsoon, be aware.
There is a shortage of grass due to the drought, what to feed the animals now?
Plastic roofing should be put on crops to protect them from hailstones.
Cover the animal shed well to protect it from frost.
Build the shed in a high place to avoid floods.
Protect the land to avoid the risk of landslides.
There is a system to get weather forecast information on mobile via SMS.
To fight climate change, we must learn new ways of planting crops.
To make the early warning system effective, we must cooperate with the local government.
Animals are at risk of various diseases during the monsoon, get regular health check-ups.
Rabi crops should be irrigated on time, otherwise production will decrease.
Get your soil tested before planting the Kharif crops.
Give warm water to the animals in winter.
Using new technology for irrigation saves water.
It is better to use organic fertilizer instead of pesticides.
Using the correct amount of fertilizer increases soil fertility.
Mulching makes it easier to control weeds.
Weather forecast information should be easily accessible to farmers.
New diseases have started appearing due to climate change.
Ignoring early warnings can cause great damage.
There may be a risk of landslides when taking animals to pasture during the monsoon.
Tankers should be arranged to prevent water shortages for animals during droughts.
Hail can injure animals, keep them in a safe place.
Light a fire to protect animals from frost.
Take the animals to a place where they can swim during floods.
Move the animals to a safe shed to avoid landslides.
Listen to weather forecast information on the radio.
Planting trees should be done to reduce the impact of climate change.
Early warning information should be given by announcing with a microphone in the villages.
Viral disease wiped out the field, what to do now!
Since taking the integrated pest management training, I have greatly reduced the use of pesticides.
This Rabi season, there's a high chance of potato pests increasing.
It's a problem because there's not enough information about pesticide safety.
I'm annoyed by the weeds in the field, what's a good way to control them?
This year, the rice stem borer really damaged the rice crop, what to do?
Because of increasing youth migration, it's become difficult to find people to work in the fields.
It would be great if we could kill pests by using biological control methods.
I lost a lot because I didn't know about fungal diseases in the field.
It's also good for our health if we can reduce pesticide use.
The pests in the garden have reduced the yield a lot.
You have to be very careful when using pesticides to control pests.
This year, the bacterial disease in the rice crop reduced the yield.
I'm annoyed that the rats are eating the crops, is there any solution?
We should reduce the use of chemical pesticides by using organic pesticides.
If the government tightened pesticide use, farmers would get relief.
The Integrated Pest Management program has helped us a lot.
The soil has also deteriorated due to excessive pesticide use in the field.
We should use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer and pesticides.
It's beneficial to use organic pesticides to kill pests in the garden.
I heard that you should wear a mask for safety when using pesticides.
Crop production decreases if weeds are not controlled in time.
This year, potato blight has bothered many farmers.
If pesticides aren't used properly, it affects the environment.
Controlling pests with organic methods also keeps the environment safe.
Even after trying different ways to control rats, the problem continues.
It would be so much easier if we could learn about integrated pest management.
I've heard that using pesticides reduces the fertility of the soil.
Using too much pesticide to kill pests in the field affects health.
This year, stem borers in rice caused a lot of damage, what to do now?
If you can control weeds, crop production will increase.
It's become difficult to save crops because of the rat infestation in the field.
I have a problem with skin allergies when using pesticides.
If the government brought an integrated pest management program, it would give relief to farmers.
We should reduce the use of chemical pesticides by using organic pesticides.
This monsoon, fungal disease in rice was a problem, what to do?
Excessive use of pesticides reduces soil fertility.
You should take the technician's advice to kill the pests in the field.
You should wear protective clothing when using pesticides.
It would be good if the government provided some help for rat control.
This winter, there were a lot of insects in the vegetables, what to do?
You have to be very careful when using pesticides, otherwise it can be fatal.
Couldn't store potatoes in the cold storage, how to save the wheat now?
Couldn't plant rice due to lack of water, what is the government doing just watching?
Corn seedlings are starting to dry up due to lack of fertilizer, what to do now!
Fruits didn't grow well this year due to lack of rain, what are we going to eat!
Had a lot of problems because couldn't find good pulse seeds.
Millet didn't grow well this year either, what are we going to eat!
Couldn't get wheat seeds on time, how to farm now?
Soybeans didn't grow as well in this field as last year, what could be the reason?
It's hard to sell this ginger in the market, there's no price.
Lost a lot because there was no place to dry cardamom.
This year, vegetable farming also suffered a lot due to water shortage.
The motor for irrigation is broken, and there is no money to fix it.
Suffered a lot because there was no water during rice planting season.
This year, wheat also got diseased and caused a lot of damage.
Corn production decreased because the seeds were not good.
Didn't even get the seed subsidy from the government.
All the vegetables dried up due to lack of water on time.
Apples didn't grow well this year either, probably due to lack of water.
This lentil is very expensive, it's hard to buy.
No one buys millet, what to do now!
This wheat seed didn't sprout, what to do now?
Soybean production decreased because there was no water.
I suffered a big loss because the price of ginger went down.
There was a lot of damage due to disease in cardamom farming.
Vegetable seeds are so expensive, how to buy them?
It's very difficult to even get rice seeds.
This year, there was a lot of damage to corn due to insects.
Fruit saplings weren't available on time, what to do now?
Lentil farming was also greatly affected by the lack of water.
This year, no one is buying millet, what to do!
The facilities that the government gives to farmers were also not available.
I'm worried that soybean production has decreased due to lack of water.
I'm very stressed because I didn't get a good market price for ginger.
I suffered a big loss because the price of cardamom went down.
This year, the price of vegetables has also decreased.
I felt very sad because I didn't get a good price for rice.
It's difficult to manage household expenses because corn production has decreased.
The fruit tree got a disease and all the fruits fell off.
Lentil lentils have become very expensive, making it difficult to buy.
I'm very worried because I didn't get a good price for millet.
It's so hard to even get wheat seeds.
Soybean production decreased, now I'm worried about what to eat.
It's a problem even getting ginger to the market to sell.
There's no income in cardamom farming even though there's a lot of investment.
There are so many diseases in vegetables this year too.
It was really difficult not having water to plant rice.
It's so hard because the price of corn seeds increased.
Bugs got into the fruit trees and all the fruit fell off.
This lentil price has skyrocketed.
It's hard to even run the household expenses by selling millet.
After the earthquake, this Rabi season, farmers need to be informed about seeds as well as pest control.
This year many farmers have increased the use of pesticides, how do we reduce it now?
After taking integrated pest management training, many farmers have reduced the use of chemical pesticides.
The Agriculture Extension Office should bring special programs to increase the use of organic pesticides.
Viral disease destroyed the crops, what to do now?
Potato production decreased a lot due to fungal disease.
Fertile soil should be used to protect crops from pests and diseases.
This year, since brown rust has appeared in wheat, pesticides need to be sprayed immediately.
Farmers can have many problems if they use pesticides without knowing about safety.
There are many weeds in the field, so weed control is needed.
The rats ate a lot of the grain, how to control them now?
Because of the earthquake, many farmers' fields were damaged, so it seems the demand for seeds will increase this year.
We need to give farmers advice to avoid diseases in the winter season.
This year, potato blight caused a lot of damage, what to do about it now?
It's very important to wear a mask for safety when using pesticides.
By using biological control methods, pests can be controlled to a large extent.
Using too much pesticide reduces the fertility of the soil.
Rice production decreased because there were too many weeds in the field.
This year, there has been a large outbreak of stem borers in rice.
Many farmers have gotten sick from being careless when using pesticides.
It is necessary to train farmers about integrated pest management.
By using organic pesticides, the environment can be kept clean.
Nowadays, organic pesticides are also available as an alternative to chemical pesticides.
Pesticides should be sprayed on time to prevent diseases in crops.
This year, the rats ate all the grain in the warehouse, how to feed the family now?
Children should be kept away when using pesticides.
We need to arrange a budget to run an integrated pest management program.
The agriculture office should train farmers on the safe use of pesticides.
By adopting biological control methods, the use of chemical pesticides can be reduced.
It is better to weed than to use pesticides for weed control.
This year, there's been a big outbreak of armyworms in the rice fields.
When using pesticides, you should spray them according to the wind direction.
Farmers should be encouraged to use integrated pest management.
Farmers need to understand that using pesticides has a negative impact on the environment.
Mulching techniques can be used to control weeds.
This year, the crops were ruined by disease, how will I pay back my loan now?
You should wear gloves for safety when using pesticides.
Agricultural extension workers should go to the villages to provide information about integrated pest management.
The government should provide subsidies to promote the use of organic pesticides.
Organic pesticides should be used instead of chemical pesticides for weed control.
This year, there has been a large outbreak of blast disease in rice.
You shouldn't use pesticides on an empty stomach.
Farmers should be encouraged to work in groups for integrated pest management.
Farmers should be informed that the use of pesticides has a negative impact on human health.
To control weeds, the field should be kept clean.
This year, the crops were ruined by pests, how will I make a living now?
You should wear glasses to protect your eyes when using pesticides.
Agricultural radio programs should be conducted to provide information about integrated pest management.
Farmers should be trained to promote the use of organic pesticides.
When will the government subsidy come to pay off the loan I took to run this cold storage?
I built a cold store with a cooperative loan, but getting the grant is too much hassle.
It's hard to pay the interest on the loan from the Agricultural Bank, I wonder if the government will give some relief!
The insurance claim for the cold store hasn't been received yet, how many more days do I have to wait?
It's been a long time since I applied for the grant that the government said it would give to build this cold store, but there's no news yet.
This year, a lot of potatoes were produced, but because I didn't get a good price, I had to store them in the cold store, I wish the government would set a fair price.
It's getting hard to pay the electricity bill, I wonder if the government will give some input subsidy for the cold store?
Who will compensate if the goods stored in the cold store built with a loan are damaged? The insurance company is hesitating.
I took a loan from microfinance to build a cold store, now I can't pay it back, I wonder if the government will help?
The Agricultural Development Bank hesitates a lot to give loans, it is difficult for small farmers to get loans.
Even when filling out the grant form provided by the government, the employees ask for bribes, where should I go to complain?
This year, a lot of potatoes were ruined due to heavy rain in the monsoon, how will I pay the loan now? I wonder if the government will give some relief?
The pre-monsoon storm blew the roof off the cold store, when will the insurance money come?
The paddy was not good this Kharif season, how will I pay the installments now?
The interest rate on cooperative credit to build a cold store is very expensive, I wonder if the government will do something!
The process of agricultural subsidy that the government says it will give is so complicated that you get tired by the time you get it.
There is no place to store vegetables this spring season, it is difficult to get a loan to build a new cold store.
The fertilizer subsidy provided by the government is also not available on time, how to farm?
I have taken out agricultural insurance policy, but I don't know how to claim it.
I haven't been able to sell paddy even at the support price fixed by the government, where should I complain?
The application I submitted for the cold store was not approved, and they don't even tell me the reason.
This year potato seeds weren't good, so production decreased. The government should subsidize seeds.
Need more loans to increase cold storage capacity, but the bank doesn't trust us.
The power tiller subsidy that the government promised, only those with connections get it.
This year's flood caused a lot of damage, and we haven't received the relief the government promised.
The potatoes stored in the cold storage are starting to rot, what to do now?
There's a lot of corruption in the tractor subsidy that the government promised.
This year's drought dried up the crops, how will I repay the loan now?
The price of diesel has increased to run the cold storage, will the government give some relief?
The process for the agricultural loan that the government promised is very complicated.
This year's seasonal disaster caused a lot of damage, will the government give some relief?
The electricity subsidy that the government promised for cold storage isn't received on time.
This year potatoes got a disease, will the government give a subsidy for pesticide?
I took a loan by mortgaging land to build a cold storage, now I can't repay it.
The water pump subsidy that the government promised wasn't received either.
This year rice production decreased, and there's a risk of famine, will the government do something?
Will the government provide any assistance to increase the capacity of the cold storage?
The fertilizer subsidy that the government promised, only the traders get it.
This year's flood washed away the field, how to sustain life now?
The agricultural equipment subsidy that the government promised, only those with connections get it.
This year's drought has caused livestock to die, how will I repay the loan now?
The seed subsidy that the government promised, we don't even get it on time.
This year's natural disaster washed away everything, house and field, where do we go now?
The agricultural training opportunities that the government promised, only those with connections get it.
This year's flood washed away the soil, how to farm now?
The agricultural consulting service that the government promised is only limited to the city.
This year's drought caused a drinking water problem, how to survive now?
The agricultural information center that the government promised is also not effective.
This year's flood broke the road, how to get to the market now?
I don't even have information about the agricultural insurance that the government promised.
After the flood washed everything away, how to raise buffaloes again, I'm very worried.
The wheat didn't grow well this Rabi season, how to get animal feed now?
Due to the lack of fertilizer, good grass for the barn didn't even grow this year.
Has the government provided any relief for goat farming or not?
Is there anywhere we can get cheap corrugated sheets to build a chicken coop?
What kind of soil is needed to build a fish farming pond?
This year it rained during the rice harvesting time, how to bring it in now?
The straw to feed the cow is all ruined by the water, what to feed now?
Where can I find improved seeds, for planting potatoes?
I don't have enough money to buy a motor for irrigation, will anyone give me a loan?
I just came back from beekeeping training, now I have to start.
How suitable is this place for sheep farming, do you think?
I heard there's a lot of income in pig farming, is that true?
To raise yaks, you have to go to the highlands, it's too hot here.
This time's storm blew away the chicken coop, what to do now?
This year all the crops have insects, what to do?
Because of the rain, even the newly planted paddy seeds rotted, what to do now?
This field needs fertilizer, where can I find it?
Is a tractor available for rent to dig up potatoes?
I deposited money at the cooperative to buy paddy seeds, I need to check if it's here or not.
Before, there were plenty of fish here, now it's hard to even see them.
This year even the mustard isn't good, the price of oil is going to increase.
The cow has a fever, I need to call the vet.
I'm scared to go cut grass for the goats, there are landslides everywhere.
This year everyone has put DAP fertilizer on the potatoes, I should probably put it too.
If I do poultry farming, where should I get the chicks from?
There is a shortage of water for planting paddy, should we dig a well?
I just made a beehive, now how do I get the bees?
I'm thinking of earning some money by selling sheep wool.
Where can I find cheap pig feed?
I need to find a market to sell yak ghee.
This year the price of rice has also decreased, how to manage household expenses?
It's difficult to manage household expenses with the money from selling cow's milk.
I don't have money to buy medicine for the goats, what to do?
I have to pay my son's school fees by selling chicken eggs.
I'm thinking of paying off some debt by selling fish.
I have a dream to build a house by selling honey from bees.
I've planned to buy warm clothes by selling sheep's wool.
I'm thinking of getting my daughter married off by selling pigs.
I want to go on a pilgrimage by selling yak ghee.
When will the fertilizer from the government grant arrive?
Who should I talk to about digging a boring for irrigation?
Does anyone know where to find improved varieties of rice seeds?
Does anyone know where they give training for goat farming?
Why has the price of chicken feed increased?
Where can I find fish fry?
How much does it cost to make a beehive?
Where can I find medicine for sheep?
How much does a piglet cost?
Where is a good pasture for yaks?
In women-led agriculture, the use of compost fertilizer can increase soil fertility.
The documents you need for organic certification are available at the agriculture office.
You can protect crops from disease by using natural pesticides.
Using organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer balances the soil biology.
Training will be conducted to promote organic farming during the planting season.
The demand for organic products is increasing in the local market, so the price is also good.
Subsidies have been arranged to encourage farmers in organic farming.
Many farmers come to the agriculture office to learn how to make compost fertilizer.
We encourage farmers to get their soil health tested.
Organic farming certification helps to get a good price in the market.
Using natural pesticides does not have a negative impact on the environment.
It is necessary to train farmers to make organic fertilizer.
Organic farming is the best option to keep the soil biology in balance.
Awareness about organic products is increasing among consumers.
A special program will be launched to promote organic farming in the Rabi season.
We advise farmers to use organic seeds.
The government has adopted a policy to encourage farmers who do organic farming.
We support small industries that produce organic fertilizer.
The use of compost fertilizer is important to increase soil fertility.
We are ready to help farmers with organic certification.
Using organic fertilizer develops essential microorganisms in the soil.
Consumer awareness increases the demand for organic products.
A special program related to organic farming will be organized this spring.
We advise farmers to use improved varieties of organic seeds.
The government is planning to provide subsidies to farmers who do organic farming.
We have organized training to teach how to produce organic fertilizer.
Soil testing showed that the use of organic fertilizer improved soil health.
Organic certification helps farmers get a fair price for their produce.
The use of natural pesticides does not have a negative impact on human health.
Farmers are provided with the necessary materials to make compost fertilizer.
The use of organic fertilizers should be encouraged to maintain the balance of soil biology.
Consumers should be informed about the benefits of organic products.
The post-monsoon season creates a suitable environment for organic farming.
We are always ready to provide information about organic farming to farmers.
There are many examples of how the use of organic fertilizer can increase soil fertility.
Necessary support will be provided to farmers for organic certification.
The use of natural pesticides helps protect the environment.
Farmers have shown interest in learning how to make compost fertilizer.
There is no alternative to organic farming to maintain the balance of soil biology.
It is necessary to explain the importance of organic products to consumers.
Promoting organic farming in the Rabi season benefits farmers.
We encourage farmers to get into organic farming.
The government has prioritized organic farming.
We teach farmers new technologies related to organic farming.
Using organic fertilizer increases the crop's production capacity.
The process of organic certification should be simplified.
Using natural pesticides keeps the crops healthy.
Various programs will be organized to inform consumers about organic products.
Where's the place to store wheat in this warehouse?
Who knows how long farmers have to stand in line at the cooperative for fertilizer!
This year, the fruit production wasn't as expected.
Please tell me, what kind of wheat grows well in this soil?
There's a water problem during rice planting season, how to manage irrigation?
Show me, where is the sack to keep the lentil seeds?
How much subsidy has the government given to farmers for rice seeds?
How suitable is this soil for planting potatoes, we should do a soil test.
Is there a place to store rice in this warehouse?
Can you teach me how to plant orange seedlings?
Do you also find vegetable seeds here?
When is the program to distribute corn seeds to farmers?
When is the training for making organic fertilizer?
Do you get improved rice seeds in this warehouse?
There was less water this winter season, how to save the wheat?
It seems farmers need to be trained for fruit farming.
Do you have medicine to kill corn insects here?
What is the support price of rice fixed by the government?
Is there a possibility of good apple production this year or not?
How to protect potatoes from diseases, is there any way?
How many sacks of rice seeds are there in this warehouse?
It's time to inform farmers about wheat cultivation.
There are fewer fruits on the orange tree this year, I wonder why?
It is difficult to get fertilizer during rice planting, so it should be bought and stored now.
What is the rice storage capacity in this place?
Farmers should be taught new technology in rice cultivation.
It seems there is no space to store wheat in this warehouse.
Has the price of vegetable seeds increased or decreased this year?
What is the possibility of orange farming in this place?
The rice seed storage capacity in this warehouse should be increased.
Rice production has decreased this year, the reason must be found.
Farmers should be given subsidies on corn seeds.
Irrigation should be managed for rice cultivation in this place.
Looks like there's no space to store fertilizer in this warehouse.
We should give training to farmers for vegetable farming.
How will the potato production be this year?
What kind of fertilizer is needed for wheat farming in this place?
Calculate how many sacks of rice seeds are there in this warehouse.
We should organize a program to inform farmers about rice farming.
There is a possibility of good orange production this year.
Is there any empty space to store wheat in this warehouse?
Farmers should be informed about the program to distribute corn seeds.
Wheat production is likely to decrease this year due to less water during the winter season.
What kind of seeds are suitable for rice farming in this place?
Farmers should be given subsidies on vegetable seeds.
A place to store fertilizer should be made in this warehouse.
When the fields are fragmented, pay attention to the use of compost fertilizer, the soil can be damaged if the amount of fertilizer is not correct.
Using chemical fertilizer without soil testing increases the risk of further land degradation.
Ignoring the crop rotation system reduces the fertility of the soil, be careful.
Even if the field is small, the soil health is weakened if green manure is not used.
Plowing the field with a power tiller can damage the soil surface, do not plow deeply.
Using compost fertilizer without proper decomposition can have a negative effect on the soil.
Excessive use of chemical fertilizers degrades the biological quality of the soil, be aware.
Since the fields are fragmented, pay attention to fertilizer management, otherwise the soil fertility will decrease.
Using chemical fertilizer directly without using green manure can damage the soil structure.
Planting crops without soil testing in the post-monsoon season may not result in good yields.
If you put compost fertilizer in the field without properly filtering it, there is a possibility of weeds growing.
If you don't follow crop rotation, the chances of soil disease increase, so pay attention.
Planting wheat in winter without soil testing can reduce production.
Don't disturb the soil surface too much when plowing the field with a power tiller, it can have a negative effect.
Reducing the use of compost fertilizer reduces soil fertility and reduces production.
Ignoring the crop rotation system can cause an imbalance of nutrients in the soil.
Sowing seeds without understanding the soil condition in the pre-monsoon season can make it difficult for the seeds to germinate.
Not testing the soil before using chemical fertilizers can have a negative effect on the soil.
Because the land is fragmented, the soil health deteriorates as the correct management of compost fertilizer cannot be done.
Reducing the use of green manure can lead to a deficiency of essential nutrients in the soil.
Using only chemical fertilizer instead of compost fertilizer can degrade the quality of the soil.
Ignoring the crop rotation system increases the possibility of soil diseases.
Be careful as the use of power tillers can damage the natural structure of the soil.
Seeds may not germinate if you plant them without testing the soil, so be aware.
Excessive use of chemical fertilizers can reduce soil productivity.
Even if the fields are small, problems may arise in the future if you do not pay attention to soil health.
Using chemical fertilizer instead of compost fertilizer reduces soil fertility.
If you ignore crop rotation, the soil might lack nutrients.
If you disturb the soil surface too much while using a power tiller, the soil fertility decreases.
If you store potatoes in a cold store, there's less fear of them rotting, but there's more fear if you store them in a warehouse.
Using compost fertilizer is more beneficial and less harmful for crops than using chemical fertilizer.
Graded and packaged fruits sell easily in the market, it's hard to sell without grading.
Using salt for food preservation is an old method, but modern methods are even more effective.
It's very easy to plow the field with a power tiller, it takes a lot of time when plowing with oxen.
It's better to use organic methods than using pesticides for pest control, because pesticides affect the environment.
It's easier to store food in winter than in the rainy season, because there's a lot of humidity in the rainy season.
Good packaging increases the price of goods, goods without packaging have a lower price.
Vegetables stay fresh longer in a cold store than in a warehouse.
This year it rained a lot during the rice planting season, it wasn't like that last year.
There is a fear of pests when storing crops, but if you dry them well and store them, that fear is reduced.
Farmers can get agricultural loans more easily now compared to before.
The crops didn't thrive this year because there was less rain in the pre-monsoon, there was plenty of rain last year.
It's good to get a soil test before putting fertilizer in the field, then you'll know which fertilizer is needed.
It's better to store grain in jute sacks than in plastic sacks, because jute sacks allow air to circulate.
You get a good price when you take well-graded produce to the market, you have to sell it for a lower price if you take it without grading.
Food spoils faster in hot weather than in cold weather, so you should pay attention to food preservation.
Many farmers have found it easier after receiving a power tiller on subsidy, the hassle of raising oxen has reduced.
Potatoes can be stored longer in cold storage than in a warehouse, so cold storage is very useful.
This year, rice production was low in the monsoon season because of too much rain, it wasn't like that last year.
There was a shortage of fertilizer during rice planting season, the production was affected because we didn't get fertilizer on time.
Grading and packaging is more important in the city than in the village, because consumers in the city look for quality.
Chemical fertilizer increases production immediately, but damages the soil in the long run, compost fertilizer keeps the soil healthy.
These days, the use of modern technology in food storage has increased, it wasn't like this before.
Farmers are forced to store at home because there is no warehouse facility in the village, there is a warehouse facility in the city.
Vegetables sent to the market after grading get a good price, vegetables sent without grading get a low price.
Vegetables stay fresh for many days in winter, vegetables wilt quickly in summer.
This year, corn production was low because there was less rain in the pre-monsoon, last year there was plenty of rain.
Storing grain in jute bags is better for health than in plastic bags.
Good packaging keeps goods safe, goods without packaging can easily spoil.
After harvesting the crop, it should be dried well, otherwise there is a risk of fungus.
Many farmers have found it easier after receiving power tillers on subsidy, but the maintenance cost is expensive.
Using compost fertilizer is more environment friendly than using chemical fertilizer.
This year, rice production was low in the monsoon season because of too much rain, but vegetable production was good.
Many insects have been seen in the field, so pesticides have to be used on time this year.
Special attention should be paid to prevent fungal diseases during storage.
A bacterial disease has been seen in potatoes, what to do now?
A viral disease destroyed the rice, I feel so sad.
The rats in the field ate the seeds and are a real pain, gotta find a way to control them.
When using pesticides, don't forget to wear a mask for safety.
If we can adopt an integrated pest management system, we can reduce the use of chemical pesticides.
Using biological methods to control pests is becoming more effective.
The production was greatly affected because I couldn't control the weeds.
If it rains during harvest time, the quality is affected.
The pre-monsoon storm caused a lot of damage.
Because it's still raining in the post-monsoon season, there's a storage problem.
Many diseases appeared in the crops planted in the spring season.
Using compost fertilizer increases the fertility of the soil.
Excessive use of pesticides is decreasing the quality of the soil.
Plowing the field with a tractor saves a lot of time and labor.
Due to the lack of irrigation equipment, we couldn't plant crops on time.
I'm thinking of using organic pesticides to control pests.
We must pay attention to minimizing the environmental impact when using pesticides.
After the pest infestation increased in the field, I need to consult with an agricultural technician.
This year, there was a lot of stem borer problem in rice.
Special precautions should be taken to protect fruits from fungal diseases.
It is difficult to control bacterial diseases in vegetables.
After a viral disease infects a plant, it dries up, so it must be treated in time.
When using rat poison, keep it away from children and pets.
I learned a lot after taking the Integrated Pest Management training.
We can reduce the use of chemical pesticides by using biological control methods.
When using herbicides, you have to be careful that it doesn't affect other crops.
You should keep track of the weather when harvesting crops.
Hail during pre-monsoon can damage crops.
In the post-monsoon season, the cold increases in the fields, making it difficult for crops to thrive.
You need to manage fertilizer and seeds to plant crops in the spring.
Compost fertilizer provides the necessary elements to the soil.
It is better to use organic pesticides instead of chemical pesticides.
The tractor should be repaired on time, otherwise the work will stop.
Using modern equipment for irrigation saves water.
Various measures should be taken to control insects in the field.
I am worried after learning that the use of pesticides has a negative effect on the soil.
I am worried about what to do as the problem of insects in the field is increasing.
This year, fungal disease caused a lot of damage to potatoes.
You have to work hard to protect crops from bacterial diseases.
I was very disappointed after the viral disease destroyed the crop.
You should be careful when using poison to control rats.
I understand that the use of pesticides should be minimized as much as possible.
We should go to the agriculture office to get info about integrated pest management.
It would be good if I could get training on how to control pests using organic methods.
It would be easier if I got information about new technology to control weeds.
We need to get market info to get a good price when harvesting crops.
I think we should get insurance to protect crops in the pre-monsoon season.
We need to arrange a safe place for storage in the post-monsoon season.
It's necessary to explain the importance of soil testing to farmers, it helps in the correct use of fertilizer.
Excessive soil erosion has negatively affected our agricultural production.
Using compost fertilizer can increase soil fertility.
Mulching in the fields can help maintain soil moisture.
Crop rotation helps in balancing the nutrients in the soil.
Green manure helps to improve soil health.
We must make a collective effort to prevent land degradation.
We should check the soil's acidity after the rainy season.
The soil condition should be good during harvest time.
Soil testing is mandatory in the seed planting season.
The soil should be fertilized before the monsoon.
Compost fertilizer reduces the need for chemical fertilizers.
Proper use of irrigation equipment improves soil health.
Excessive use of pesticides reduces soil fertility.
Using tractors can affect the soil structure.
Soil testing gives information about the nutrients in the soil.
If the soil's pH balance is off, production decreases.
Soil erosion can wash away the field.
Farmers should be trained to make compost fertilizer.
We can save water by using mulching techniques.
Farmers need to have knowledge of crop rotation.
Using green manure adds organic matter to the soil.
Land degradation adds challenges to food security.
After the rain, water shouldn't be allowed to collect in the soil.
The soil should be dry during harvest time.
There should be enough moisture in the soil when planting seeds.
The soil should be prepared before the monsoon.
Using compost fertilizer increases the soil's water absorption capacity.
Lack of irrigation equipment reduces production.
Organic pesticides should be used instead of chemical pesticides.
Tractors should be used according to the type of soil.
Necessary equipment for soil testing should be managed.
Acidity can be known by measuring the pH of the soil.
Planting trees should be done to prevent soil erosion.
Mulching also helps in controlling weeds.
Crop rotation prevents soil diseases.
Using green manure can reduce the use of chemical fertilizers.
Due to land degradation, cultivable land is decreasing.
It is appropriate to add fertilizer to the soil in the post-rainy season.
The soil should be rested during harvesting time.
The soil temperature should be suitable when sowing seeds.
Soil management is necessary before the monsoon.
Farmers should be informed about the importance of compost fertilizer.
The use of irrigation equipment can increase soil fertility.
The use of pesticides also affects beneficial organisms in the soil.
The use of tractors saves time and labor.
Fertilizer should be used according to the soil test results.
If the soil pH balance is disturbed, there will be a huge loss in agricultural production.
Farmers should be encouraged to prevent soil erosion.
This year the cardamom production looks good, we should reserve space in the cold storage.
It seems that farmers should increase the use of cold storage for paddy storage.
Dry the wheat well before bringing it here for storage.
There is no alternative to cold storage to keep maize safe for a long time.
This cold storage is suitable for vegetable storage.
When storing fruits, you have to pay special attention to the temperature.
Cold storage is best to keep lentil seeds safe.
You have to clean millet well before storing it.
There's a chance of pests if you store soybeans for too long.
You can protect ginger from getting moldy by keeping it in cold storage.
You can apply here to get a power tiller on subsidy.
We should use organic fertilizer to reduce the use of chemical fertilizer.
Production increases when you use improved seeds.
There is training available for making compost fertilizer.
How to manage sacks for storing paddy seeds?
To increase wheat production, proper use of fertilizer is necessary.
Pesticides should be used to protect maize seeds from insects.
Vegetable seeds should be kept in a cool place.
You have to pay attention when planting fruit seedlings.
Lentil seeds should be dried in the sun before storing.
Millet seeds should be protected from water.
Special attention should be given to keep soybean seeds safe.
Ginger seeds should be treated before planting in the soil.
There should be good water management when planting paddy.
Fertilizer should be applied on time during the wheat season.
This place is suitable for growing corn.
You can earn good money from vegetable farming.
The government has provided grants for fruit farming.
Lentil soup is very beneficial for health.
Finger millet roti is very tasty to eat.
Soybean oil can also be used.
The demand for ginger is always high in the market.
Cardamom prices keep fluctuating.
Paddy is planted during the Kharif season.
Farmers get relief after the monsoon starts.
There is a lot of work pressure during the harvesting season.
New shoots sprout in the spring season.
Cardamom should be stored only after drying it well.
Proper temperature should be maintained while storing potatoes.
Farmers have started using cold storage to keep paddy seeds safe.
Wheat production is expected to increase this year.
A suitable environment is needed for storing corn.
Vegetable seeds are also available here.
Farmers come here to buy fruit plants.
There is a risk of insects when storing lentil soup.
To keep millet seeds safe, we should use cold storage.
Soybeans should be dried well before storing.
This year, ginger production wasn't as good as expected.
Paddy, wheat, and corn seeds are available here.
The government should pay attention to setting the price of cardamom.
Since corn production is much better than paddy in hilly areas, cooperatives have focused more on corn farming.
This year, because ginger prices are better than potato prices, many farmers are attracted to ginger farming.
Although chemical fertilizer makes crops thrive immediately, compost fertilizer is much more beneficial for the soil in the long run.
Millet thrives more easily in the hilly climate than wheat, so its cultivation should be promoted.
Compared to before, cooperatives now provide more subsidies to farmers for seeds and fertilizers.
Since lemon farming is less hassle than orange farming, many farmers are involved in it.
Since good income can be earned from cardamom farming compared to other crops, its expansion should be emphasized.
This year, paddy production seems to be declining due to low rainfall, but wheat production is expected to be better than paddy.
Compared to before, cooperatives now provide more subsidies to farmers on modern agricultural equipment.
Compared to other vegetables, good production can be obtained from beans even with less fertilizer and care.
This year, due to increased pest outbreaks, the use of pesticides seems to be higher than in the past.
Due to lack of water during paddy planting, paddy production is likely to be lower than corn production.
Apple production is increasing in hilly areas, but pear production is lower than apple production.
This year, the subsidy given by the cooperative to farmers on wheat seeds is higher than that on paddy seeds.
Soybean cultivation also benefits the soil compared to other crops, so it should be encouraged.
Farmers are excited because the price of ginger has increased this year compared to last year.
This area can be made a potato hub because potato production is better here compared to other places.
This year, the cooperative has decided to give more subsidies to vegetable farmers compared to fruit farmers.
Finger millet has more nutrients compared to other grains, so it should be promoted.
Wheat farming is much easier than rice farming in the hilly region, so the cooperative has prioritized wheat farming.
Now, the cooperative provides more agriculture-related training to farmers compared to before.
Lentil farming increases soil fertility compared to other crops, so it should be prioritized.
Since the price of chemical fertilizer has increased this year, the use of compost fertilizer should be increased compared to the past.
Maize farming requires less water than rice farming, so it can be a suitable option for hilly areas.
Farmers are attracted to Junar farming because good income can be earned from Junar farming compared to orange farming.
Our cooperative provides fertilizer to farmers on time compared to others.
Barley cultivation is less common than wheat cultivation, so many people may not know much about it.
Although potato production is good this year, its price is low compared to onions.
In hilly areas, maize grows much easier than rice, so attention should be paid to maize cultivation.
Cardamom farming requires a lot of effort compared to other crops, so many farmers back away from it.
This year, it seems necessary to reduce the use of pesticides and increase the use of organic fertilizer compared to the past.
There is a possibility of earning more income from fruit farming compared to vegetable farming in hilly areas.
This year, the cooperative will provide more encouragement to wheat farmers compared to rice farmers.
Buckwheat has more nutrients compared to other grains, so it should be promoted.
Finger millet farming is much easier than maize farming in hilly areas, so the cooperative has prioritized finger millet farming.
Compared to before, cooperatives now give farmers a lot more information about agricultural insurance.
Compared to other lentils, black lentils are considered very good for health.
This year, because the price of chemical fertilizer has increased, farmers are forced to increase the use of compost fertilizer compared to the past.
In hilly areas, wheat grows much easier than paddy, so attention should be paid to wheat cultivation.
Compared to other crops, ginger farming is more prone to diseases, so many farmers get discouraged by this.
This year, the cooperative has encouraged reducing the use of pesticides and increasing the use of organic fertilizers compared to the past.
In hilly areas, although more income can be earned from fruit farming compared to vegetable farming, it requires a lot of investment.
This year, the cooperative is giving more loans to farmers who cultivate wheat than to farmers who cultivate paddy.
Compared to other cereals, barley contains more nutrients, so it should be promoted.
In hilly areas, buckwheat farming is much easier than maize farming, so the cooperative has prioritized buckwheat farming.
Compared to before, cooperatives now give farmers a lot more information about agricultural tools.
Compared to other oilseed crops, mustard oil is considered very good for health.
This year, because the price of chemical fertilizer has increased, farmers are starting to increase the use of organic fertilizer compared to the past.
In hilly areas, finger millet grows much easier than paddy, so attention should be paid to finger millet cultivation.
Compared to other crops, cardamom farming has high income potential, but its market management is challenging.
This year, it seems easier to get a loan from Agricultural Development Bank than a cooperative loan for paddy cultivation.
Although production is low initially when using organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer, it is very good for the soil in the long run.
Although the crop insurance claim payment process is cumbersome, it is more effective than input subsidies for relief when crops are destroyed.
This time, the subsidy given by the government on organic fertilizer seems more useful for farmers than the subsidy given on chemical fertilizer.
Although the interest rate of microfinance is high for small farmers, it is an easier option than agricultural loans for the time being.
Using chemical pesticides kills bugs fast, but it hurts the soil's fertility in the long run.
Using modern tools in farming makes work faster, but traditional methods are gentler on the environment.
Using a tractor to plant rice this year seemed more effective than last year.
Insuring cows/buffaloes means paying now, but it's safer than crop insurance for future risks.
This time, the government grant didn't arrive on time, so it was hard to pay back the cooperative loan.
Local cooperative loan process is easy, but the Agriculture Development Bank's loan interest is lower.
Microfinance gives small loans, but agriculture loans help with bigger projects.
Claiming crop insurance is a hassle, but the compensation is a relief, which you don't get with input subsidies.
This year, the Agriculture Bank needs more documents for loans than the cooperative.
Controlling pests with organic methods is better for the environment than using pesticides to save crops.
Farming with a cooperative loan might be a better option for farmers than relying on government grants.
There are complaints that agriculture insurance is less accessible in villages than in cities.
Selling rice to traders was easier for farmers this year because they got instant cash, instead of selling at the government price.
Collective farming is likely to cost less than individual farming.
Chemical fertilizer increases production, but organic fertilizer is better for soil quality.
If we got the government grant on time, it would be easier to pay back the cooperative loan.
You need less collateral to get a loan from microfinance than from the Agriculture Development Bank.
It's better to take good care of your crops than to have to claim crop insurance.
For many farmers, it's easier to get an agriculture loan from a cooperative and pay in installments than to get a tractor grant.
The cooperative loan process is faster than the government grant process.
Using organic fertilizer to increase production is better for health than using pesticides.
Farmers say that this year, cooperative loans are easier to get than Agricultural Development Bank loans for rice farming.
It's easier for farmers because cooperative loans are available faster than government agricultural subsidies.
Even though the agricultural insurance claim process is complicated, it's necessary because it provides relief in case of damage.
This year, the number of farmers using organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer is increasing.
Even though microfinance has more access in the village, the interest rate of Agricultural Development Bank is lower.
Modern agricultural systems help increase production more than traditional agricultural systems.
It is important to understand about crop insurance well before applying for it.
Although chemical fertilizer increases production immediately, it reduces soil fertility in the long run.
It is better to take training before starting a business with an agricultural loan.
Although it is easy to get a loan from a local cooperative, the interest rate may be lower when taking from national level banks.
Even though it takes time to get crop insurance money, it provides relief when there is damage.
It is necessary to pay attention to irrigation management rather than subsidizing chemical fertilizers.
This year, the service charge on loans provided by cooperatives is lower compared to the loans provided by Agricultural Development Bank.
Although the use of pesticides immediately controls insects, it has a negative impact on the environment.
It is faster to take a cooperative loan than to apply for a government grant.
Read the terms and conditions of the insurance carefully before taking advantage of agricultural insurance.
Although chemical fertilizer increases production, organic fertilizer is best for soil health.
It is wrong to hope for government subsidies rather than paying off the loan taken from the cooperative on time.
It would be a relief for farmers if the crop insurance claim process was simple.
Before taking an agriculture loan, make a good plan for your business.
Even though using chemical fertilizer increases production, it harms the soil in the long run.
This time, farmers found the interest rate on loans from Agriculture Development Bank to be lower compared to the cooperative's loan.
It's better to invest according to your own ability rather than relying on government subsidies.
This year, the subsidy the government gave for seeds seems more useful for farmers than the subsidy for chemical fertilizer.
In hilly areas, it's hard to get goods to the local market because the land is fragmented.
We farmers are not getting a fair price because of the middlemen.
Cooperative marketing helps us sell our produce at a fair price.
We're having trouble selling our produce because we don't know about online markets.
We lost a lot of money this Rabi season because the price of potatoes dropped.
It looks like the lack of fertilizer will affect this year's spring planting.
Because the roads were bad during the monsoon, we couldn't get vegetables to the local market.
The use of pesticides is decreasing the fertility of the soil.
You get good production when you grow vegetables using the mulching technique.
Even though it's easy to plow the field with a power tiller, it's hard to buy because it's expensive.
We are forced to rely on rainwater because we don't have irrigation equipment.
It's difficult to use modern agricultural tools because the land is small.
It's a problem when there isn't enough production to take to the wholesale market.
Farmers always lose money because of price fluctuations.
Direct sales benefit both consumers and farmers.
It's complicated to make the documents needed for export.
Because there's no local market in the village, we have to go all the way to the district headquarters.
The local market opened by the cooperative has given us a lot of relief.
We need to take training to sell our products in the online market.
We farmers suffer when middlemen buy cheap and sell expensive.
After joining the cooperative marketing, I've started getting a good price for my product.
If we can supply products according to demand in the local market, income will increase.
This year a lot of potatoes grew, so it's hard to get a good price.
It would be good if we could do collective farming instead of leaving the land barren.
It's a problem when we don't get the government's agricultural subsidies on time.
It would be easier if the agriculture office gave information about the wholesale market.
Climate change has greatly affected prices.
Because the youth have gone abroad, it's difficult to find people to work in the village.
Women entrepreneurs should be given priority in the local market.
Because it didn't rain in the pre-monsoon, it was late to plant rice.
During the monsoon, we couldn't get the vegetables to market because the landslide blocked the road.
The wheat production was good in the Rabi season.
I am preparing to plant new crops in the spring season.
Excessive use of pesticides has a bad effect on the environment.
It has become easier to control weeds by using mulching.
Using power tillers saves both time and labor.
If we can use modern equipment for irrigation, production will increase.
If the government encourages exports, farmers will benefit a lot.
We are forced to sell cheaply because we don't have access to wholesale markets.
If we get timely information on price fluctuations, it's easier to plan.
We are forced to wander around looking for markets to sell directly.
Because of cooperative marketing, all the farmers in the village have benefited.
I felt happy after getting a good price in the local market.
To sell products in the online market, you need to know mobile banking.
Farmers don't benefit because middlemen take too much commission.
Prices may fall as competition increases in the local market.
If the tax levied on exports was reduced, farmers would get relief.
This year the price of potatoes decreased, making it difficult to even recover the cost.
The government should help farmers in the development of local markets.
The flood swept away the seeds, when will the wheat seeds that the government promised arrive?
It's hard to find potato seeds in this hilly area, it's also difficult to find other vegetable seeds.
We didn't get rice seeds on time, how will we plant now?
The quality of the seeds is also not good this year, the corn I planted didn't even sprout.
The price of seeds has skyrocketed, how will poor farmers buy them?
The soil is ruined from planting the same seeds all the time, who should we tell to bring new seeds?
They're always late giving seeds, we lost a lot because we didn't get seeds on time.
I came because I heard there were improved seeds, but there's only old seeds here.
This seed isn't even like last year's, I wonder what will happen when we plant it?
We can't get seeds at the price the government set, who will punish those who do black market?
I haven't been able to plant the corn seeds because there's no fertilizer, what to do now?
The seeds have insects, who should I inform about this?
I don't have money to buy seeds, how will I farm this year?
The seed seller lied and gave fake seeds, now I have to file a case.
It's been a long time since I registered my name at the cooperative for seeds, it hasn't come yet.
We didn't get any seeds this year, will we have to starve or what!
No one comes to give information about seeds, who will look after us farmers?
The seeds came but I don't know which crop it's for, how to use it.
I didn't understand what's written on the seed packet, who should I ask?
The seed seller gave wrong information about the seeds, what to do now?
The seeds are very expensive, the government should give subsidies.
Due to the lack of seeds, fruit production will decrease this year.
I'm tired of searching for seeds, I couldn't find them anywhere.
Because of the seed problem, we have to leave the field barren.
The place to sell seeds is very far, how to get there?
Where should I go to complain about the seeds?
Because of the seeds, lentil production will decrease this year.
Farmers are in trouble because the seed management wasn't good.
The situation is such that we have to take a loan from the bank for seeds.
Because of the seeds, cardamom production will decrease this year.
We are forced to stand in long lines for seeds.
Nobody cares about the seeds, who will understand the pain of us farmers?
The situation is such that we have to plead with the leaders for seeds.
Because of the seeds, ginger production will decrease this year.
The rural municipality didn't help at all with the seeds.
Because of the seeds, finger millet production will decrease this year.
It turns out they gave wrong information about seeds on the radio.
Because of the seeds, soybean production will decrease this year.
Going to the agriculture office for seeds didn't help either.
Because of the seeds, vegetable production will decrease this year.
The District Agriculture Development Office didn't help with seeds either.
Because of the seeds, wheat production will decrease this year.
The provincial government didn't do anything for seeds either.
Because of the seeds, paddy production will decrease this year.
The federal government didn't care about the seeds either.
Because of the seeds, corn production will decrease this year.
I wonder who to ask about seeds, no one listened.
Because of the seeds, this year's fruit production will decrease.
I went to the municipality for seeds, but nothing happened.
This year the seed quality is so bad that even the vegetables planted in the field didn't sprout.
Can I get information about cooperative loans at this seed bank?
I heard the government gives grants for seeds, maybe it's available here?
Where should I go to apply for crop insurance claim?
What kind of scheme has the agricultural bank brought for wheat seeds this Rabi season?
I don't have much land, can I get a loan from microfinance?
How to get an agricultural loan this time to buy fertilizer and seeds?
The potatoes weren't good this year, I have to apply for input subsidy.
What kind of support does the agricultural bank provide to farmers during rice planting?
Has the government arranged any grants for small farmers?
Does this seed bank have a branch of the agricultural bank?
Looks like I have to take a loan from the cooperative credit society to buy seeds.
I had crop insurance, but it seems it will take a long time to get compensation.
Has the agricultural bank provided any discounts for maize seeds this spring?
Does the government give any grants to farmers to buy power tillers?
I'm thinking of taking a loan from the agricultural bank to buy rice seeds this time.
How is microfinance helping farmers in this area?
How much subsidy is there on pesticides this year to protect crops from insects?
Is there anyone at the seed bank who can give information about agricultural insurance?
The rice production decreased this year due to lack of timely rain, so I have to claim insurance.
What kind of grants has the government brought for the development of the agricultural sector?
What kind of loan does this cooperative give to farmers?
I have less land, so microfinance might be a good option for me.
What kind of loan scheme has the agricultural bank brought for potato farming?
What are the necessary documents for crop insurance?
The rice production is expected to be good this year because of a lot of rain in this year's monsoon.
What kind of information about seeds does this seed bank give to farmers?
What should I do to apply for government subsidy?
What is the interest rate on cooperative credit?
How does the agricultural bank help small farmers?
Are improved varieties of seeds found in this seed bank or not?
This form has to be filled out for crop insurance.
I don't have a farm, but is agricultural loan also available for growing vegetables in the kitchen garden?
This time, I am afraid that the production will decrease because I did not get fertilizer on time.
What percentage of subsidy does the agricultural bank give on interest?
The price of rice seeds has increased this year, does the government provide any help?
What is the new scheme that the government has brought for farmers?
What kind of documents are needed for cooperative loan?
Until when can we get the crop insurance money?
Wheat production wasn't good this year, I'm thinking of applying for insurance.
Which crops does the Agricultural Bank provide loans for?
How much loan does microfinance provide?
Can I get information about fertilizer in this seed bank?
How much subsidy does the government provide for seeds?
What is the process for cooperative loan?
How to repay the loan provided by the Agricultural Bank?
Since there was less rain this year, I have to insure the crops.
I might have to take a loan from the agricultural cooperative to buy fertilizer.
Has the government provided any facilities to the youth interested to invest in agriculture?
What is the process of storing seeds in this seed bank?
Has the government provided any grants to encourage mechanization in agriculture?
If you just brought fertilizer, then get the quality of the compost fertilizer checked.
Pay attention to the cleanliness of the coop for good chicken production.
Don't forget to vaccinate goats from time to time.
Choose a suitable place for fish farming and construct a pond.
Use modern technology to earn good income from beekeeping.
Wheat production can also be increased by using improved seeds.
Keep buffaloes in a cool place in summer and a warm place in winter.
Join the livestock insurance program to ensure your animal's safety.
Raise improved breeds of cows instead of local ones, you'll get more milk.
Contact the agriculture office for the necessary training for mushroom farming.
Get your soil tested before planting fruit seedlings.
Vaccinate animals during the rainy season to protect them from foot-and-mouth disease.
Broiler chickens grow faster compared to local chickens.
Take the necessary training before starting a pig farming business.
High altitude areas are suitable for sheep farming.
Clothes made from yak wool have good demand in the market.
Always keep the necessary medicines for animals with you.
Prepare the soil well before planting rice.
Save time and labor by using modern agricultural tools.
Use organic pesticides to control insects.
Weed from time to time to increase production.
Increase soil fertility by using organic fertilizer.
Production can be doubled by using improved seeds.
Decide which crop to plant by testing the soil of your land.
Keep the plants healthy by watering them on time.
Arrange for drainage to prevent water from accumulating in the field.
Manage the fodder for the goats.
Keep the beehive in a safe place.
Feed the fish regularly.
Protect the chicken coop from the cold.
Keep the pigs in a clean and healthy environment.
Take the sheep to an open area for grazing.
Only raise yaks in high mountainous regions.
Get your livestock's health checked regularly.
Plan crop cultivation according to the changing seasons.
Keep the buffalo cool in the water to protect them from the heat.
There is good potential for goat farming in the hilly region, but it is difficult to get improved breeds.
Cows should be given medicine regularly, otherwise there is a risk of disease.
I just insured my goats under the livestock insurance scheme, hopefully it will provide some relief if something happens!
Poultry farming is flourishing in this area, but the problem is the increased price of feed.
This place is suitable for sheep farming, but the lack of grazing land is a problem.
A good income can be earned from beekeeping, but training is required for this.
Farmers here have also taken pig farming as a source of income, but there is a lack of a proper market.
Buffaloes should be kept in a cool place in summer, otherwise milk production will decrease.
There is a tradition of raising yak cows in the mountains, which has made the lifestyle here easier.
Farmers are worried because the price of animal feed has skyrocketed.
This year the crops weren't good because it didn't rain on time, now I'm worried about how to save the livestock.
The agriculture office has brought a new training program related to animal husbandry, you are requested to participate.
If you can raise improved breeds of goats, it seems like you can earn good income, I'm also thinking about this now.
The government has arranged subsidies to encourage farmers in animal husbandry.
You have to go to the agriculture office to apply for livestock insurance.
There is a possibility of building a pond for fish farming in this place.
Jersey cows give more milk than local cows, that's why farmers are attracted to it.
There is good demand for yak milk and ghee in the hilly region.
Animal health check-ups should be done regularly, otherwise there is a risk of disease spreading.
Loans can be taken from the bank to expand the animal husbandry business.
It has snowed a lot this year, so it has been difficult to take the sheep to the pasture.
If you can raise improved breeds of chickens, you can earn good income even with a small investment.
Farmers are facing problems because the necessary medicines for animals are not available on time.
Production can be increased if modern technology is used in the animal husbandry business.
The use of compost fertilizer is increasing in this area, which has increased the fertility of the soil.
Agricultural Development Bank has arranged to provide loans for animal husbandry at concessional rates.
Farmers should be encouraged to plant fodder trees for goats.
Vaccines should be given on time to control diseases that affect livestock.
Potatoes did not grow well this year, now I have to sell goats to pay off the loan.
The use of power tillers in this area has made agricultural work much easier.
You should do animal husbandry according to the local climate, otherwise you might have losses.
Cows and buffaloes should be given water regularly, otherwise milk production will decrease.
The government should subsidize farmers for improved seeds and animal feed.
Using a tractor in this place has made it much easier to plow the fields.
Training is necessary to manage the animal husbandry business.
I have applied for a loan through mobile banking to start a poultry farming business.
A pond should be constructed to manage the water needed for the animals.
These days, the practice of using growth hormones has increased even in villages.
Although there is plenty of potential for beekeeping in this area, there is a lack of proper promotion.
The land required for animal husbandry should be managed.
Goats should be given deworming medicine from time to time, otherwise production will decrease.
The government should run programs in villages to inform farmers about livestock insurance.
There is not enough grass for animals this year due to the drought, what to do now?
I have filled out the form to register an agricultural firm.
If animal husbandry can be done in a modern way, employment opportunities can be created for young people.
The fish farming business is flourishing as the demand for fish is increasing in the local market.
The government should subsidize the equipment needed for animal husbandry.
There is a lot of potential for the pig farming business to flourish in this area.
For the technical knowledge required for animal husbandry, one should consult with an agricultural expert.
I have made an ATM card to start an animal husbandry business.
Being a fertilizer supplier, what's the demand for animal feed for livestock in the local market?
Which breed of buffalo should farmers raise to get good milk production?
What kind of grass seed is suitable to plant for goat farming?
How can we protect chickens from diseases in poultry farming?
What kind of investment is needed to start a beekeeping business, and where can I get training for it?
What kind of soil is suitable for digging a pond for fish farming, and what is the government subsidy arrangement for it?
What things should be considered to earn good income from pig farming?
What kind of plans can be brought to promote sheep farming business?
What kind of problems are yak farmers facing for animal feed?
How can farmers be encouraged to use compost fertilizer instead of chemical pesticides?
Where can I find improved breed of cow semen in the local market?
What kind of documents are required when insuring livestock?
How will the lack of timely rain this monsoon affect animal feed production this year?
What kind of subsidies has the government provided for irrigation equipment for animal husbandry?
How to increase cow's milk production without using hormonal drugs?
In which season does the demand for goats increase in the local market?
Where can I find grass seeds needed for animals in the Rabi season?
What kind of compost fertilizer is available locally for animal husbandry?
Where can I find improved breed of chicken chicks?
What kind of training is needed to start a beekeeping business?
What kind of soil is suitable for fish farming?
Where can I find the necessary medicines for pig farming?
What kind of place is suitable for sheep farming?
How can the supply of animal feed required for yaks be managed?
What should be done to protect cows from foot-and-mouth disease?
Where can I find information about diseases that affect buffaloes?
How can goats be protected from PPR disease?
What should be done to protect chickens from bird flu?
How can bees be protected from diseases?
How can fish be protected from diseases?
How can pigs be protected from diseases?
How can sheep be protected from diseases?
How can yaks be protected from diseases?
Where can I find improved breed cow semen in the local market?
What should be fed to increase buffalo milk production?
What kind of feed should be given to increase goat weight?
What should be done to increase chicken egg production?
What should be done to increase bee honey production?
What should be done to increase fish production?
What kind of feed should be given to increase pig weight?
What should be done to increase sheep wool production?
What should be fed to increase yak milk production?
How to make compost fertilizer from cow dung?
How to produce biogas from buffalo dung?
What kind of fertilizer can be made from goat manure?
What kind of fertilizer can be made from chicken manure?
What can be made from a beehive?
What can be made from fish waste?
What can be made from pig manure?
What can be made from sheep wool?
This year, there is a increased stem borer infestation in rice, what can be done for integrated pest management?
Which pesticide to use to control potato blight and what precautions to take for pesticide safety?
How will climate change affect weed control and how to prepare for it in advance?
I see a lot of ants in the field, do they affect the crops, and if they do, how to control them organically?
What should be done immediately if you suspect a viral disease in the crop?
Rats are causing a lot of trouble in the field, is there any sustainable way to control rats?
What kind of fungal diseases are likely to occur this season and what measures should be taken to prevent them?
How can the environmental impact of pesticide use be reduced?
What kind of trainings are available to farmers under the Integrated Pest Management Program?
How to protect crops from bacterial diseases in rice?
What kind of organisms can we use to control pests using biological control methods?
Where can I contact to get information about proper use and storage of pesticides?
How does climate change affect the life cycle of pests?
What should be done to protect seeds from pests before planting rice?
We had less rain this year, so a lot of weeds grew, how to control them?
What kind of grants does the government provide for integrated pest management?
How to call an agricultural technician to identify diseases in the field?
How to protect your health when using pesticides?
What is the method of making organic pesticides, please teach me!
How to prevent wheat diseases in this Rabi season?
What should be done to form a farmer group for integrated pest management?
What to do if a new pest outbreak occurs due to climate change?
How to reduce the negative effects of pesticide use on the soil?
Can I show a photo of the pest in the field and ask which pesticide to use?
Is there any way to control pests without using pesticides?
When and where does pesticide safety training take place?
Can I find information about integrated pest management on a mobile app?
Rats have started damaging crops, how to stop them?
Which method is best for controlling weeds in the fields?
What are the things to keep in mind when using pesticides?
Is the pesticide resistance of insects increasing due to climate change?
Where can I find more information about integrated pest management?
Can we use organic pesticides as an alternative to chemical pesticides?
Stem borers have destroyed the field, what to do now?
How to spray pesticides without affecting the neighbor's field?
The bitter gourd plant has been badly damaged by fruit flies, what to do?
How is organic fertilizer used in integrated pest management?
How does climate change increase the outbreak of crop diseases?
How to protect crops from post-monsoon pests?
What local resources are available for integrated pest management?
Who to contact if a new type of insect suddenly appears in the field?
How to identify viral diseases in crops?
How does the use of pesticides affect soil fertility?
The paddy plant has turned yellow and looks like it's drying up, what could be the reason?
How safe is it to use chemical pesticides to control weeds?
What should be the wind speed when applying pesticides?
What kind of support do farmers need for integrated pest management?
What effect does climate change have on the distribution of insects?
Where can I find improved seeds for planting in this greenhouse?
They say production increases when using hybrid seeds, but how true is it?
Should I go with local seeds or choose other new varieties, I'm in dilemma.
If the seed quality isn't good, all the hard work goes to waste, right?
I heard that treating seeds before planting makes the plants stronger, is that true?
What kind of certified seeds should I choose for winter crops this year?
What's a good way to store seeds, please tell me.
I have plastic for mulching, but which seeds would be good?
How much compost fertilizer is needed to plant improved seeds?
Which variety of seeds is suitable for planting this monsoon?
Does the government provide subsidies for certified seeds or not?
Is there any way to check the quality of seeds?
What things should be considered when treating rice seeds?
Local seeds are disappearing, what to do now?
How much do improved seeds affect the soil?
How much does hybrid seed cost?
Should the type of soil also be considered when choosing seeds?
I'm thinking of planting improved seeds for off-season vegetables this year.
It is necessary to pay attention to seed quality for good production.
Is there any organic method to treat seeds?
Where should I get mustard seeds for this Rabi season?
How much water is needed when planting improved seeds?
How to preserve local seeds?
Do I need to go to the agriculture office to test the seed quality?
What problems can occur if you don't treat the seeds?
Which corn seed is good for this Kharif season?
How to protect seeds from moisture during storage?
How much does production increase when planting improved seeds?
How to get the subsidy that the government gives on seeds?
How to know the quality of seeds?
How soon after seed treatment should you plant?
Where to go to find local seeds?
Where can I find more information about hybrid seeds?
What would it be like to plant improved seeds in this greenhouse?
Does the government provide any assistance for fertilizer and seeds?
Should I do a soil test before planting seeds?
What kind of certified seed should I choose for potatoes this year?
Do I need to use pesticides when treating seeds?
How can local seeds be improved?
What kind of fertilizer to use when planting improved seeds?
How many times should I irrigate when planting hybrid seeds?
What to do if the seed quality deteriorates?
What kind of seeds are good for tomatoes in this greenhouse?
How to protect seeds from light when storing them?
How likely are improved seeds to get diseases?
How many days does it take for hybrid seeds to be ready for harvest?
What should be done to improve seed quality?
Using the wrong pesticides while storing in the warehouse can seriously affect food safety.
This year, we lost a lot because of a bacterial disease outbreak in rice.
I only realized how careless I was before after taking pesticide safety training.
Rats are eating the seeds in the warehouse and it's a problem, what to do?
Looks like there's a viral disease in the crop, the leaves are turning yellow.
This time, because of the vegetable leaf miner infestation, we have to use biological control methods.
We can reduce the use of chemical pesticides by using an integrated pest management system.
We had to suffer a lot of damage because we couldn't control weeds in the warehouse.
Special precautions should be taken as the risk of fungal diseases increases during the rainy season.
Don't forget to wear a mask when spraying pesticides to kill insects in the field.
Special measures should be taken to protect potatoes from rats when storing them in cold storage.
This year the rice seeds weren't good, so we have to get another seed.
I only realized now that using too many pesticides reduces soil fertility.
The insect infestation in the warehouse has increased, so we need to take immediate pest control measures.
This monsoon season, the possibility of rice diseases has increased due to heavy rainfall.
Using a power tiller to plow the field saves both time and labor.
Using organic pesticides instead of chemical pesticides has less impact on the environment.
The agriculture expert gave information about integrated pest management.
This year, wheat has shown brown rust, so the agriculture office should be informed.
Special precautions should be taken to protect potatoes from diseases in winter.
A lot of grain stored in the warehouse was damaged by insects.
The government has introduced an integrated pest management program to reduce pesticide use.
The irrigation equipment in the field broke down and the crops started to dry up.
When spraying pesticides, necessary safety equipment should be used.
Corn production decreased this year because the seeds were not good.
What should be done to protect stored grain in the warehouse from insects?
It is important to know about the environmental impact of using pesticides.
It was difficult to plant rice because there were too many weeds in the field.
I didn't know that pests could be controlled by using organic pesticides too.
What measures should be taken to protect potato crops from late blight?
Rats have caused a lot of damage in the field, so they need to be controlled.
Farmers have received a lot of relief because the government has subsidized seeds.
A lot of grain stored in the warehouse was damaged by insects. What to do now?
The integrated pest management program has helped reduce the use of pesticides.
You should be aware of the health effects of using pesticides.
The crops didn't grow well because of weeds in the field.
This year, there's a bigger problem with stem borers in the rice.
It would be so much easier if I could get training on how to use pesticides safely.
What are the things to keep in mind when storing grains in the warehouse?
It would be good if we could use organic pesticides instead of chemical ones.
What can be done to reduce the impact on the environment when using pesticides?
What measures should be taken to control weeds in the field?
There were many problems because I didn't know about integrated pest management.
The production decreased because the rice seeds weren't good.
We need to adopt various measures to control rats.
When using pesticides, you shouldn't forget to wear gloves for safety.
This time during the rainy season, fungal disease has appeared in the rice.
It became much easier to work when using a power tiller in the field.
Neem leaves can be used to protect stored grains in the warehouse from insects.
The negative impact of pesticide use on the environment must be reduced.
This year the rice was good because there was a lot of rain in the monsoon, but other years we suffered from drought.
If I could put the potatoes in cold storage, I'd be relieved, otherwise they sprout quickly when stored at home.
After the floods washed away the field this time, I have to take loans to buy seeds, it was okay until last year.
The weather forecast said it would rain, but the sky is sunny, how will the crops grow like this?
In the past, hail caused a lot of damage, so should we get crop insurance this time?
The drought dried up the corn, but it would be good if we could water the cauliflower regularly.
Production has increased because young farmers have adopted modern technology, otherwise it would be difficult to survive with traditional farming like before.
It would have been good if we had gotten fertilizer on time this year, otherwise we have to suffer for fertilizer every year.
Due to climate change, water sources are drying up, it's not easy to get water like before.
Because the landslide blocked the road this time, it was difficult to get the vegetables to the cold storage, otherwise it would have easily reached the market.
This year potatoes got blight disease, there was no such problem last year.
It would have been a relief if the government had given agricultural subsidies, otherwise this year's flood will displace us.
It rained this year when planting rice, but last year we couldn't even plant due to drought.
The use of agricultural tools has increased now compared to before, which has made it easier to work.
Wheat production seems to be decreasing this year due to low winter rainfall, it was good last year.
There is no alternative to adopting new technology for climate adaptation, it is difficult to survive by farming like before.
Before, floods used to wash away all the houses and fields, now it is somewhat safer after building the embankment.
Potato seeds were not good this year, so production will decrease, last year's seeds were fine.
It could have been saved from the flood if we had received the information on time, but the weather forecast information came late.
The price of vegetables has decreased in the market this year, it was good last year.
It has become easier to store vegetables as the cold storage is nearby, otherwise there would have been a lot of loss when it was far away.
Production increased this time because we used improved seeds, it would not have yielded so much from the old seeds.
This year there was a lot of damage because the rice was infested with insects, it was not like this last year.
It was difficult to plant rice due to lack of water for irrigation, but there is an obligation to supply water to the vegetables from tankers.
It was easy to plant rice this year because it rained on time, there were many problems last year due to lack of rain.
Because of climate change, it doesn't rain on time like before, so we have to farm according to the season.
This year the wheat got a disease so the production decreased, last year there wasn't this problem.
If you keep vegetables in a cold store, there's less fear of rotting, but at home they rot quickly.
Young farmers are earning good money by farming collectively, before when they did it alone there were many problems.
This year there was a lot of rain in the monsoon so the paddy was good, but it affected other crops.
This time the grant from the government has provided a lot of relief, before we had to take loans to farm.
If we had gotten chemical fertilizer on time, the paddy production would have increased, but there's always a shortage.
The days of knowing the weather by looking at the sky like before are gone, now we have to get weather forecast information.
This year the price of potatoes has decreased so farmers have suffered a loss, last year was good.
Because of climate change, new diseases have started to appear, it wasn't like this before.
This time the potato crop was destroyed by the snow, it didn't happen like this last year.
If we had insured the crops on time, we would have gotten compensation now, but we were careless.
Now young people are attracted to agriculture, before there was a wave of going abroad.
This year the corn dried up because of the drought, last year it was good because it rained.
If the government had brought new technology to agriculture, it would have been easier, but there's a problem because we have to work in the old way.
Potatoes kept in cold storage are safe for many days, but potatoes kept outside spoil quickly.
Now weather forecast information comes on mobile, before it only used to come on the radio.
Even though the paddy production is good this year, I'm sad that we're not getting a good price, last year the price was also good.
Due to the effects of climate change, the water sources are drying up, it wasn't easy to get water like before.
Before, when we raised livestock, we got manure, now we have to rely on chemical fertilizers.
This year the flood washed away the field, so there's no grain to eat; we used to keep a reserve.
Compared to before, the use of agricultural tools has increased now, which has made it easier to work.
Due to lack of water, check the soil condition properly when using seeds and fertilizers this pre-monsoon.
To deliver fertilizer to the wholesale market in hilly areas, cooperative marketing arrangements should be made.
Farmers should be trained to make compost fertilizer to increase demand in the local market.
When there is less water, conserve soil moisture by mulching.
Increase production by using improved seeds this Rabi season, the price will stabilize.
Local bodies should help encourage farmers to sell directly.
The problem of farmers not getting fair prices due to middlemen should be solved.
Farmers should be given information about mobile banking to increase access to online markets.
We provide the necessary assistance to prepare export documents from Agrovet.
Manage storage to avoid price fluctuations during the rainy season.
Farmers should be taught to use organic fertilizers to reduce the use of pesticides in the local market.
Use fertilizer only after testing the soil.
Participate in agricultural insurance schemes to avoid price fluctuations.
Cooperative marketing benefits farmers a lot, get involved in it.
Open an account to sell your products in the online market.
We will help you prepare the documents required for export.
Take advantage of transportation facilities when taking your produce to the wholesale market.
Adopt new methods to increase customers in the local market.
Selling directly helps avoid the commission taken by middlemen.
Working together in cooperative marketing has a lot of benefits.
Learn how to take photos for online marketing.
Contact us if you need help filling out the forms required for export.
Download the agriculture app on your mobile to find out the wholesale market price.
Distribute pamphlets to promote your goods in the local market.
Go to the agriculture office to get information about cooperative marketing.
You can transfer money directly to your account from online market.
Pay attention to quality when exporting, otherwise the goods may be returned.
You have to book a space for your stall in the wholesale market.
Don't sell goods on credit in the local market, you might not get paid back.
When selling directly, explain the product well to the customer.
Register your name in cooperative marketing.
Pay attention to customer feedback when selling goods in the online market.
Pay attention when packing goods for export.
When selling goods in the wholesale market, finalize the price before selling.
Work together with other traders in the local market.
Selling directly has more profit, but you also have to work hard.
Don't forget to give your suggestions in cooperative marketing.
There should be a return policy in the online market if customers don't like the goods.
Need to make a test report for export.
Get your goods insured at the wholesale market.
Need a license to sell goods in the local market.
If you sell directly, you have to give the customer a bill.
Cooperative marketing helps to set the price of goods.
You have to advertise your goods in the online market.
You should know the customs rules when exporting.
Promote your goods in the wholesale market.
When setting the price of goods in the local market, consult with other traders.
Farmers should make a collective effort to remove the role of middlemen.
The main reason youths are migrating abroad is the lack of return on investment in agriculture.
Be careful when storing fertilizer, otherwise there may be a risk of fire.
When planting fruit seedlings, don't just plant them randomly without checking the soil, there may be no production.
Get proper training before operating irrigation equipment, you could get electrocuted.
When using improved seeds, the crop may be damaged if you don't check the soil fertility.
When planting paddy in waterlogged areas during the Kharif season, there is a possibility of disease, so pay attention.
Don't cut forage grass randomly, there may be landslides.
When doing mixed farming, you might lose money if you apply fertilizer without knowing how much fertilizer each crop needs.
You must get permission from the forest office before cutting down timber trees, otherwise you may be fined.
When making compost fertilizer, do not use poorly decomposed fertilizer, it can cause disease in the crop.
If shade farming doesn't get enough light, the crops won't grow well.
Planting too many trees to increase carbon storage can also dry up water sources.
If you plant seeds without checking the weather, they might rot.
If you plant wheat late in the winter season, the yield might decrease.
When using pesticides to protect fruit plants from insects, measure the amount, otherwise the plant will die.
If it rains during harvest season, the crops might rot, so be careful.
Don't use fertilizer randomly without testing the soil, it can damage the soil.
Protect water sources from contamination when irrigating, otherwise diseases can spread.
When planting fodder grass, don't graze them until the roots are strong, they might get uprooted.
When planting in a mixed cropping system, don't plant crops that affect each other together.
When cutting down timber trees, don't forget to plant new saplings, it can disrupt the environmental balance.
Don't let water get into compost storage, it can reduce the quality of the fertilizer.
Pay attention to the amount of light when doing shade farming, it can affect production.
Planting too many trees for carbon storage can cause water shortages, so be mindful.
Choose seeds according to the local climate, otherwise you might not get a good yield.
Protect vegetable crops from frost in the winter season, otherwise the plants might burn.
Wear protective clothing when spraying pesticides on fruit trees, it can affect the skin.
Manage storage well during harvest time, otherwise the crops might get infested with insects.
If you use farmyard manure without properly filtering it, weeds can grow and cause problems.
Be careful when using electrical equipment to pump water for irrigation, you might get electrocuted.
When cutting fodder grass, don't cut it from the root, the plant will die.
When doing mixed farming, pay attention to the soil fertility, otherwise the production may decrease.
When timber trees fall, there is a risk of injury to domestic animals, be careful.
When using compost fertilizer in the field, mix it well with the soil, otherwise the effect may be less.
When doing shade farming, there is a higher possibility of disease, check regularly.
When planting trees randomly for carbon storage, it can affect other plants.
Test the seeds well before planting, otherwise the seeds may not germinate.
When planting crops in the winter season, there may be a lack of nutrients, pay attention to the use of fertilizers.
When spraying pesticides on fruit plants, consider the wind direction, it can affect you.
After harvesting the crop, protect it from moisture when storing it, otherwise it may rot.
When making compost fertilizer, do not mix plastic items, it affects the soil.
When using canals for irrigation, pay attention to the water flow, there may be flooding.
When planting fodder grass, plant according to the type of soil, otherwise it may not grow well.
In mixed farming, do not plant crops that need the same type of nutrients together, production may decrease.
When cutting timber trees, cut in a way that does not affect other trees, otherwise they may fall.
When spreading compost fertilizer in the field, do not spread too much in one place, the plants may burn.
When doing shade farming, there should be good air circulation, otherwise disease may occur.
When planting many trees to increase carbon storage, the ground water level may decrease, pay attention.
When planting seeds, plant at the right depth, otherwise it may be difficult to germinate.
When planting crops in the winter season, there may be a lack of irrigation, find alternative solutions.
When spraying pesticides on fruit trees, spray in a way that doesn't affect the bees, honey production might decrease.
This year, because it didn't rain on time, we have to rely on canal irrigation, but there's little water in the canal too.
I came to the local market to buy fertilizer, but here I heard a lot of talk about sprinkler irrigation.
I'm worried about how to plant wheat in the winter due to lack of water, we might have to look for a drip irrigation option.
After the youth went abroad, it's become difficult to even find people to repair irrigation in the village.
Before, rainwater used to irrigate well, now it feels like there might be a drought even in the rainy season.
This year, many farmers collected rainwater and managed when planting rice because there was no water.
Many farmers are complaining that the field didn't get enough water, maybe because the irrigation schedule is not right.
There's a problem extracting underground water because there's no electricity in the village, we need to find a solar energy option.
The production decreased due to lack of water during rice harvesting, what to do for winter crops now?
The price of fertilizer keeps increasing, on top of that, farming has become difficult due to the water problem.
This year, because there was less rain even in the monsoon, we have to adopt alternative measures for irrigation.
Before, how easy it was to take water to the field from the canal, now it's difficult to even get water.
When putting compost fertilizer in the field, the plants started to dry up because there was no water, what to do?
Irrigation equipment is expensive, making it difficult for small farmers to buy.
Nowadays, it's difficult to even find people to operate power tillers in the village, everyone has gone abroad.
I heard that the government is giving some subsidies for sprinkler irrigation, but how to get it?
It would be beneficial for many farmers if they could get training for drip irrigation.
I've made a plan to grow vegetables by collecting rainwater, let's see how it goes.
The budget that comes from the rural municipality for irrigation repair doesn't come on time either, how to work?
After the rice production decreased because of lack of water, it's become hard to manage household expenses.
I'm thinking of planting potatoes this winter, but I'm scared because of the water problem.
It was so easy when we used to irrigate with river water, now even the river is drying up.
Farmers are having a lot of problems because the irrigation project wasn't finished on time.
I don't have money to buy fertilizer and seeds, and on top of that, how to farm with no water?
One person died from electric shock while irrigating the field, how to farm now?
I need to find out if the government has brought any new plans for irrigation.
Many fields remained barren this year because there was no water during rice planting season.
Because of the irrigation problem, many young people in the village have started moving to the city.
Because there's no water in the field, the rice seedlings have started turning yellow, what to do now?
It's become difficult to grow vegetables because of the lack of water, what to eat now?
It would be good if the government helped to build rainwater harvesting tanks.
It's so difficult to get permission to dig a boring for irrigation!
I don't even have money to buy pipes to bring canal water to the field, what to do?
It's become difficult to raise livestock because of the lack of water, the grass has started to dry up.
I'm worried about how to arrange irrigation for the winter crops this year.
It would be a great relief to many if the government subsidized irrigation equipment for farmers.
Many people are sad because they couldn't plant rice in the field due to lack of water.
I've heard that by adopting drip irrigation, we can produce a lot even with little water.
If we could collect and store water during the rainy season, it would be easier to irrigate in the winter.
The rural municipality should release the budget on time for irrigation maintenance.
Because of the water shortage, I'm worried if I'll be able to plant wheat in the field this year.
Has the government made any rules for extracting ground water or not?
Because of the irrigation problem, many farmers have stopped farming, what will we eat now?
I'm thinking of collecting rainwater and growing vegetables, let's see what happens.
I've heard a lot about sprinkler irrigation, but I don't know how to use it.
Due to lack of water, I'm afraid to put fertilizer in the field, thinking it will be wasted.
Due to the irrigation problem, there is a shortage of drinking water in the village as well.
Because it didn't rain during the monsoon this year, there is a possibility of famine in many places.
I need to find out if the government has brought any new technology for irrigation or not.
Due to lack of water, the paddy in the field has started to dry up, how will I feed my family now?
When storing seeds in winter, pay special attention to protect them from the cold.
Do not mix improved seeds with other seeds, it affects the quality.
If you treat the seeds before storing them, the chances of fungus are reduced.
Keep local seeds at the right temperature, otherwise their germination capacity will decrease.
To maintain the quality of seeds, they should be tested from time to time.
Dry hybrid seeds well before storing them, do not store them in a damp place.
Seeds can be protected from insects by using pesticides when storing them.
Use only certified seeds, it helps to increase production.
During the rainy season, cover the seeds well with plastic to protect them from water.
The place where you store seeds shouldn't have light, it should be dark.
To check seed quality, test the germination rate from time to time.
Take special measures to protect seeds from rats when storing them.
Every time you take out seeds, use the container only after cleaning it.
To store seeds for a long time, use an airtight container.
Don't mix seeds with fertilizer when storing them, it reduces the seed quality.
Before storing seeds, dry them well and then fill them in sacks.
When storing local seeds, you can use an earthen pot.
The place where you store seeds should be cleaned regularly.
To protect seeds from the cold, keep the sacks a little above the ground.
When storing seeds, label them so it's easy to recognize which seed it is.
Check the seed regularly to prevent the quality from deteriorating.
Pay special attention when storing improved seeds, they can spoil quickly.
When storing hybrid seeds, keep them in a well-ventilated place.
Use plastic bags to protect seeds during the rainy season.
Before storing seeds, dry them in the sun first.
Control the temperature of the storage area to maintain seed quality.
Use lime to prevent mold from growing when storing seeds.
When storing certified seeds, keep them separate, don't mix them with other seeds.
You can use neem leaves to protect seeds from insects.
When storing seeds, turn the sacks regularly, put the bottom seeds on top.
Use plastic to protect the seeds from damp places.
When storing seeds, don't put them where light gets in, keep them in the dark.
To check seed quality, test the germination capacity from time to time.
Pay special attention when storing improved seeds.
Don't let cold air get into the seed storage area.
When storing hybrid seeds, only store them after drying them well.
To protect seeds during the rainy season, cover them well with plastic.
Check regularly to prevent the seed quality from deteriorating.
Treating seeds before storing reduces the chance of fungus.
Use an earthen pot when storing local seeds.
Only store certified seeds, it helps increase production.
Drying seeds in the sun before storing makes them last longer.
Keep the seed storage area clean and dry.
Balance the temperature to maintain seed quality.
Don't mix improved seeds with other seeds.
Don't keep hybrid seeds in a damp place.
Check the seeds well before storing.
Protect seeds from pests when storing.
Test from time to time to maintain seed quality.
How does too much chemical fertilizer affect the soil fertility in a small piece of land?
When is the compost fertilizer making training going to be organized?
Which fertilizer is better to use instead of urea?
How to use DAP fertilizer this Rabi season?
What effect does using too much potash fertilizer have on crops?
What documents are needed to get fertilizer subsidy?
What happens if fertilizer is not used according to the schedule?
How does using too much fertilizer in the fields affect the environment?
What can be done to reduce the use of chemical fertilizers since the field is small?
How beneficial is it to use organic fertilizer?
What other options are there to reduce the use of urea fertilizer?
What is the price of DAP fertilizer this year?
What is the correct way to use potash fertilizer?
How to get the fertilizer subsidy provided by the government?
When is the right time to use fertilizer?
How to reduce soil acidity when using too much fertilizer in the field?
What effect does excessive use of urea fertilizer have on the soil?
What are the benefits of using DAP fertilizer for the soil?
Which crops need potash fertilizer?
Where to apply for fertilizer subsidy?
How to know the right time to use fertilizer?
What effect does using too much fertilizer have on production?
How to adjust the amount of fertilizer in a small piece of land?
Does using compost reduce the need for chemical fertilizer?
What should be done to reduce the use of urea fertilizer?
What happens if DAP fertilizer is used without soil testing?
What effect does the use of potash fertilizer have on crop quality?
Do you have to register with a cooperative to get a fertilizer subsidy?
Can farmers be trained on how to use fertilizer?
How to improve soil that has been damaged by using too much fertilizer in the field?
What effect does the use of chemical fertilizers have on human health?
Can someone be called to teach how to make compost fertilizer?
Can organic fertilizer be used as an alternative to urea fertilizer?
What damage does using too much DAP fertilizer do to the soil?
Does the use of potash fertilizer protect crops from disease?
Is it possible to fill out an online form to get a fertilizer subsidy?
Is there a mobile app to inform farmers about fertilizer use?
How to reduce water pollution in the soil caused by excessive fertilizer use?
What else is good to use instead of chemical fertilizer?
How to use compost fertilizer in the field?
Does using less urea fertilizer decrease production?
What changes does using DAP fertilizer bring to the soil structure?
What effect does using potash fertilizer have on the taste of fruits?
Where can I find improved seeds in this hilly region, can I get some information?
When planting hybrid seeds, how much fertilizer should be used, does anyone know?
How can local seeds be conserved, farmer friends?
Is there any easy way to check the quality of seeds?
What things should be considered when treating seeds, please tell me.
Where can I find certified seeds to plant this monsoon?
What should be done to protect seeds from insects when storing them, does anyone know?
How to treat rice seeds well so they germinate well?
By when can improved seeds for winter crops be found?
What are the things to keep in mind when storing potato seeds?
Does the government hold seed quality checking camps in this place?
How much will hybrid seeds cost this year, can I get some information?
What should be done to increase the production of local seeds, does anyone have any ideas?
What things should be looked at when choosing good seeds, please tell me.
What kind of medicine should be used for seed treatment, please give information.
Is it true that production increases only when certified seeds are planted?
How to protect seeds from moisture when storing them, does anyone know?
What kind of treatment should be done to protect wheat seeds from disease?
Where can I find improved variety of maize seeds in this place?
Does anyone know what to do if the quality of the seed deteriorates?
Is there a local seed bank here that provides good seeds?
Does anyone provide training on hybrid seeds?
How can we save local seeds from disappearing?
What should be done to maintain seed quality, farmer friends?
What losses can occur if seed treatment is not done, please tell me.
How can I get information on where to find certified seeds?
Where do they give training on how to store seeds?
Where should I contact for more information about seeds?
Are improved varieties of paddy seeds available in this place or not?
How much does it cost to test the quality of seeds?
Has the government brought any plan for the conservation of local seeds?
Is the method of planting hybrid seeds different from other seeds?
Is there any way to know about the quality of seeds?
Is seed treatment harmful to the soil or not?
Where is the sale and distribution of certified seeds in this place?
Are improved varieties of millet seeds available in this place or not?
What are the standards for seed quality?
Does the government give subsidies for seeds in this place?
Does planting hybrid seeds affect the soil fertility?
Is it true that using local seeds results in lower yield?
What kind of technologies are there to improve seed quality?
Does seed treatment affect the environment?
How much light is needed when storing seeds?
Where can I find improved buckwheat seeds in this place?
What kind of equipment is used to check seed quality?
When does the government have programs to inform farmers about seeds?
Is it better to use local seeds instead of hybrid seeds in hilly areas?
How accurate is the weather information on this mobile app?
I heard the government is giving training on spraying pesticides with drones, when will it start?
How much subsidy can I get for wheat seeds this Rabi season?
Which bank should I go to for a loan for a power tiller?
Is there anyone here who can teach me how to use mobile banking?
I don't have money to buy fertilizer, do you know any place where I can get it cheaper?
How are the potato seeds this year, will they grow well or not?
How to manage the water for planting rice this season?
Does it rain like the weather forecast app shows, or is it a little different?
Can you teach me how to fill out the form for buying a tractor?
It's hard to find people to work during rice harvesting season, what to do?
Do you know how much this pesticide affects the crops?
What documents are needed for an agriculture loan, please tell me.
Can we see the soil test report in this mobile app?
How much would it cost to install a solar-powered irrigation pump in this field?
Where should I go to get training about greenhouse technology?
Can you give me information about precision farming?
Many farmers have had problems this year because they didn't get fertilizer on time.
Is drone spraying service available here or not?
What kind of seeds would be good to plant in this season?
There are insects in the field, which pesticide is good to use?
Where do they give training to operate a power tiller?
Can we talk to agricultural experts in this mobile app or not?
What kind of facilities are available under the Prime Minister Agriculture Modernization Project?
What is the support price of wheat fixed by the government this year?
Which of the weather information apps is good?
Does anyone know where the tractor workshop is in this place?
Where should I apply for agricultural insurance?
Does this mobile app have information about improved seeds?
What is the probability of rainfall this Rabi season?
How much subsidy do you think we'll get for the solar pump?
How effective is this precision farming technique?
Can we check the soil fertility using this mobile app?
Is there any solution for water during rice planting?
What's the estimated potato yield this year?
How much do you think it costs to build a greenhouse in this field?
Can I see the soil test results on my mobile?
How much does this power tiller cost?
Can we check the condition of the crops using a drone camera?
What's the weather forecast for this year's rainfall?
What's the process to install a solar pump?
Do we need internet to use this mobile app?
Can you help me fill out the form for the power tiller?
Where should I go to learn this modern agricultural technology?
Can we plan crop planting according to the weather information?
Can we find out the price of agricultural materials in this mobile app?
Should we insure the crops this year or not?
How safe is it to spray pesticides with a drone?
The plants are starting to dry out because the water pump in the greenhouse isn't working, what to do now?
The drip irrigation pipe started leaking before a month of installation, what kind of stuff is this they sold?
The greenhouse vegetables are starting to wilt because the canal water didn't come on time, who do I tell about this problem?
It cost a lot to build a rainwater harvesting tank, but it's always sunny when it's time to collect water!
What's the point of making an irrigation schedule, the power line always gets cut when it's time for the water to come.
The tomato seedlings in the greenhouse turned yellow due to lack of water, how to save them now?
Couldn't install a sprinkler irrigation system because it's too expensive, is there anywhere to find it cheap?
The greenhouse farming was completely ruined due to lack of water in the monsoon season, doesn't the government provide any help?
The water level kept decreasing when irrigating by drawing underground water, now others will also have problems.
A lot of money was spent on irrigation repairs, but the work is still incomplete.
The power tiller is broken so I haven't been able to plow the field, how to do the greenhouse work?
Because there is more sand than fertile soil, the greenhouse needs a lot of water, what to do?
It's hard to work in the greenhouse because of the noise of the water pump, what kind of pump is this?
It seems like you have to go around a lot to get a grant for drip irrigation, why did they make such a complicated rule?
I had to take out a loan to buy the necessary tools for irrigation, how will I pay the interest?
The vegetables in the greenhouse didn't get enough water, when will it rain now?
The pumpkin seedlings in the greenhouse dried up due to lack of water management.
The canal water was not enough to irrigate the greenhouse, I have to find another option.
A lot of water was collected in the rainy season, extreme water shortage in the winter, how to solve this problem?
I want to adopt new technology for irrigation, but I don't have time to take training.
If I could manage water for the greenhouse, the income would increase, but there is always a water problem.
The water bill has been very high since installing sprinkler irrigation, how to pay it?
Couldn't get the expected yield in the greenhouse because of water problem.
The boring for underground water went too deep, just increased the cost.
Got late planting the cauliflower seedlings in the greenhouse due to lack of water.
The pond made to collect rainwater didn't collect any water, looks like drought again this year.
The motor bought for irrigation turned out to be low quality, won't even last a month.
Took a lot of time laying the drip irrigation pipes in the greenhouse, it's hard to find workers.
The greenhouse had problems because the canal irrigation water schedule wasn't regular.
The bitter gourd plants in the greenhouse are starting to dry up due to lack of water, what to do now?
I'm starting to not feel like growing vegetables in the greenhouse because of the water problem.
It's hard to find mechanics to repair irrigation, and if you do, they ask for a lot of money.
The government didn't show any interest in managing water for the greenhouse.
The onion seeds planted in the greenhouse this year didn't do well due to lack of water.
The water problem is still the same even after installing the drip irrigation system, what's the use?
Had to fight with the neighbor for water, it's getting hard to do greenhouse farming.
The rainwater harvesting plan failed, now there's no option but to extract underground water.
Vegetable prices in the greenhouse have increased due to the irrigation problem, customers are complaining.
The cabbage planted in the greenhouse didn't get enough water, the yield will decrease.
Haven't been able to irrigate the greenhouse for two days because the water pump broke down.
I'm worried about the future of the greenhouse as the water source is drying up.
It would be great if there was training to learn new technologies for irrigation.
The drip irrigation pipe got cut by bugs, big loss, now what to do?
No idea when the canal water will come, how to plant vegetables in the greenhouse?
Need a big tank to collect rainwater, but who will give a loan?
Couldn't sell the greenhouse spinach because of the water problem, it all rotted.
Connecting the electricity line for irrigation costs a lot, how to afford something so expensive?
The tomatoes in the greenhouse didn't get enough water and the fruits are small, who will buy them in the market?
Due to lack of water, the workers working in the greenhouse also left.
The greenhouse farming got ruined because the government subsidy for irrigation wasn't received on time.
Due to lack of water in the field, it will be difficult to get potatoes to the wholesale market this year.
Due to reduced production due to lack of fertilizer, price instability may occur in the local market.
Cooperative farming has made it easier for farmers to sell directly.
There is a fear that middlemen will take advantage after the fields dry up due to low rainfall.
This time, due to lack of timely rain, there will be problems in preparing export documents.
Due to reduced production due to lack of irrigation, it is not possible to supply according to demand in the online market.
Couldn't even run the power tiller this Rabi season because there was no water.
Due to water scarcity, farmers have started emphasizing cooperative marketing.
With no water in the fields, the intermediaries are trying to take it for a low price.
Due to the water problem, direct sales could not be done as expected this year.
Due to extreme water scarcity, the price of vegetables has skyrocketed in the local market.
This time, the use of fertilizer was not very effective due to lack of water in the field.
Because the price went down in the wholesale market, farmers are prioritizing direct sales.
If we can't plant rice because there's no water, I'm scared the cooperative marketing plan will also fail.
Because of the lack of water this year, it's gonna be hard to send stuff to the online market.
Because of the water problem in the field, making export documents has become more of a hassle.
Because of lack of irrigation, we're gonna have to bear a lot of losses in this year's crop, and price instability seems to be making it worse.
Because there's no water, we couldn't use the tractor in the field this time, so it was late getting stuff to the local market.
Because of the lack of fertilizer and water, it's hard to meet the cooperative marketing goals.
Because there's no water in the field, the middlemen are trying to buy things cheap.
Due to lack of water, farmers have started using the online market for direct sales.
Because of the lack of water this year, it took a lot of time to get the export documents together.
Because it didn't rain, the farmers are caught in the grip of price instability.
Because there's no water in the field, we couldn't use the power tiller, so it was hard to get stuff to the local market.
The crisis created by the lack of water has made cooperative marketing even more challenging.
Because it didn't rain this time, it's been hard to send stuff to the online market.
Because the export documents weren't made on time, the farmers had to bear a lot of losses.
Because of the lack of water, this year's Rabi season production has decreased.
Because of the water problem in the local market, there's been a lot of price fluctuation.
Because there's no water in the field and fertilizer isn't being used properly, the middlemen are taking advantage.
Problems have arisen in cooperative marketing because of the lack of water.
Because of the lack of water, we couldn't supply the online market according to demand.
Farmers didn't get good prices because it was late to make export documents.
There's a problem because there's no water in the field, so can't run the power tiller.
Lack of water is causing problems to get goods to the wholesale market.
Price instability has increased because of the water shortage, so farmers are getting hit hard.
There's a fear that the cooperative marketing plan will fail this year because it didn't rain.
It's hard to sell directly because there's no water in the field.
It's become more of a hassle to make export documents because of the water shortage.
Because there's no water, it's hard to get goods to the local market, so middlemen are getting a chance.
Lack of water is causing a lot of problems to send goods to the online market.
This time it didn't rain and the Rabi season crop was ruined, and the fertilizer was also wasted.
Because there's no water in the field, the mediators are trying to buy cheaply, cooperative marketing is the only option.
Due to the water shortage, there's an obligation to use the online market for direct sales.
After production decreased because there's no water, price instability is making it hard for farmers to get to the wholesale market.
Couldn't plow the field this time because there's no water to run the power tiller, so it was late to get goods to the local market.
Farmers have suffered a lot of losses because export documents weren't made on time, now cooperative marketing is the last option.
There will be a lot of loss in this year's crop due to lack of irrigation, price instability seems to be causing more problems, so I'm thinking of selling directly.
It's hard to meet the cooperative marketing goal due to the water shortage, so I'm preparing to send goods to the online market.
What kind of grants has the government arranged for women farmers in the hilly region?
When will the grant that was said to be given for fertilizer and seeds be available?
What is the support price set by the government for this year's Kharif season?
How does the government help women farmers like us in building agricultural infrastructure?
What documents are needed to participate in the crop insurance scheme?
What are the agricultural programs that the government has introduced for women farmers?
What should I do to get a subsidy on potato seeds this year?
What land improvement programs are there for women in hilly areas?
What should a woman farmer do to get agricultural loan facilities?
Where should I apply to get compensation if my crops are destroyed?
How to get the subsidy that the government provides on pesticides?
Is there a program of agricultural extension service to provide training to women farmers?
Does the government provide any assistance for irrigation in our village?
How much subsidy is there on vegetable seeds to be planted in this year's spring season?
What kind of subsidy has the government provided for agricultural tools for women farmers?
What kind of impact does the import-export policy have in our area?
Is there any special credit facility targeting women farmers in the hills?
What kind of assistance does the government provide to build a cold store for potato storage?
Has the government made soil testing services free for women farmers?
What kind of encouragement does the government give to use modern technology in agriculture?
How to get information about the new agricultural program introduced by the government for women farmers?
What percentage of subsidy is there on chemical fertilizer this year?
What should a woman farmer do to get agricultural insurance?
Where are the agriculture trainings for women in hilly areas?
Is the government planning to open separate agricultural cooperatives for women farmers?
How do you get the government subsidy for improved seeds?
What is the process for women farmers to get agricultural loans?
Has the government launched any special agricultural infrastructure development programs targeting women farmers in the hills?
Can women farmers without land also get government subsidies?
Does the government provide any assistance for marketing agricultural products produced by women farmers?
What percentage of discount is there for women farmers on improved seeds and agricultural tools?
What kind of support does the government provide to women farmers to reduce the impact of climate change?
What kind of information does the government provide to women farmers through agricultural extension services?
What kind of support does the government provide to help women farmers market their organic agricultural products?
How much budget has the government allocated for the agricultural sector this year?
Has any new land improvement program been launched targeting women farmers in hilly areas?
Has the government created a mobile app to provide agricultural information to women farmers?
What is the interest rate on agricultural loans for women farmers?
When will the agricultural office conduct an agricultural camp in our village?
How to find out about the credit facilities introduced by the government for women farmers?
How much premium do I have to pay for crop insurance?
Has the Ministry of Agriculture launched any new programs for this year's Kharif season?
What kind of support does the government provide to women farmers for organic farming?
Where to register for agriculture training for women farmers in hilly areas?
Has the government introduced a separate agriculture insurance plan for women farmers?
Is there a toll-free number to provide agriculture-related information for women farmers?
What kind of opportunities has the government provided for women farmers to learn modern agricultural technology?
The quality of seeds is affected when fertilizer is not properly managed in the warehouse.
The demand for fruit plants has increased as farmers have shown interest in planting them.
I have plenty of improved variety grass seeds this year.
The demand for seeds to be planted in the post-monsoon season has started to increase.
Farmers should be informed about timber trees.
We provide fertilizer to the farmers along with the seeds.
Soil fertility can be increased by using fertilizer.
Various types of seeds are available in this warehouse.
We have planned to distribute improved variety seeds to the farmers this time.
Farmers have started adopting the multi-cropping system, which is a very good thing.
We also distribute fodder tree plants to the farmers.
This year, the time for planting seeds has been delayed due to lack of timely rainfall.
Farmers should be encouraged to plant trees to increase carbon reserves.
The use of fertilizer is very important in modern agricultural systems.
We teach farmers what to consider when selecting seeds.
Improved variety fruit plants are also found in this seed warehouse.
Shade farming helps increase the fertility of the soil.
We also teach farmers how to use fertilizer.
Because the demand for seeds is increasing, we have planned to produce more seeds.
We have also emphasized the production of fodder seeds.
The price of seeds has increased somewhat this year.
Farmers can earn good income by adopting a multi-cropping system.
We should encourage farmers to plant timber trees.
We should pay special attention to fertilizer management.
When choosing seeds, you should pay attention to the type of soil.
Improved seeds are available in this warehouse.
We also sell the seeds needed for shade farming.
There has been some problem in the supply of fertilizer this year.
We need to explain the importance of fodder to the farmers.
We need to promote carbon sequestration.
There are many things to consider when planting seeds.
We advise farmers to plant fruit plants.
The use of fertilizer increases production.
We should encourage multi-cropping systems.
Only quality seeds are found in this warehouse.
We have determined the price of fodder seeds.
Planting trees is important to increase carbon storage.
The demand for seeds has increased a lot this year.
Shade farming prevents soil erosion.
We need to manage the use of fertilizer.
Farmers should be taught how to plant fruit plants.
We need to increase the production of fodder.
Soil testing should be done at the time of sowing seeds.
All types of seeds are found in this warehouse.
Plant trees for carbon storage.
The use of fertilizer makes the soil fertile.
We should explain the benefits of the multi-cropping system.
It is necessary to explain the importance of fodder.
We should inform the farmers about different species of timber trees.
We should encourage the use of organic fertilizer.
Because the flood damaged the canal, it seems there won't be canal irrigation this time.
Due to lack of water, the seeds didn't even germinate well this time.
I came to understand what the process is for drip irrigation.
Fertilizer and seeds were not found on time, how will production be good now?
Is there any chance of getting help from somewhere to build a rainwater harvesting pond?
Does the government provide any grants for sprinkler irrigation?
Looks like we have to depend on rainwater for planting rice this year, what to do?
Because I couldn't manage the irrigation schedule, half the field dried up.
When do you think the compost fertilizer making training will be?
Because of the water problem, should I leave the field barren this time?
Will pumping underground water for irrigation affect the environment somehow?
How does the budget for irrigation maintenance come, I wonder?
It was very difficult when it didn't rain in the pre-monsoon.
I was hoping for a good wheat yield in the Rabi season, but it didn't happen.
It rained a lot in the monsoon, but the rice production wasn't as expected.
Thinking of planting corn in the Kharif season, I wonder if there will be enough water.
There's a problem with the drip irrigation pipeline, how to fix it?
I heard that water can be saved by using sprinklers.
Should I apply for canal irrigation?
Due to lack of water, I couldn't put enough fertilizer in the field.
What new technologies have come for irrigation?
How good it would be if we could collect rainwater and use it for irrigation.
This year there was a lot of problem for irrigation.
How much does it cost to connect an electricity line for irrigation?
Seedlings started to dry up due to lack of water during rice planting.
Where do they give training for drip irrigation?
Will someone come to give information about sprinkler irrigation?
How much does it cost to build a water storage tank?
We lost a lot because canal irrigation water didn't come on time.
Who repairs the motor used for irrigation?
We should increase the use of compost fertilizer this year.
We can collect rainwater and use it to irrigate the kitchen garden.
Couldn't grow vegetables this year because of water shortage.
What new plans are there for irrigation?
How much subsidy can we get for drip irrigation?
The field will remain barren because there is no canal irrigation system.
Do we need permission to extract ground water?
Who should I contact for irrigation maintenance?
It was difficult to save the seeds due to water scarcity.
It's difficult to find a power tiller for rent this year too.
I heard that rainwater can be collected and used for irrigation.
Couldn't use fertilizer because of the water problem.
Where should I go to get more information about drip irrigation?
It would be easier if we work with an irrigation schedule.
How much do I need to invest for sprinkler irrigation?
Couldn't even make compost fertilizer due to water scarcity.
It's been so long since I applied for canal irrigation, still no response.
How can we manage the use of underground water?
The rice in the warehouse got moldy and unusable, what to do now!
This year we didn't even get wheat seeds on time, how to farm?
The flood washed away all the newly planted corn seedlings, have to plant again.
The price of vegetables in the market has skyrocketed, but farmers are not getting fair prices.
The apple orchard was destroyed by insects, and there's no pesticide available to control them.
Lentils are infested with bugs and are stuck in the warehouse, how to sell them?
This year finger millet didn't grow well, I wonder what happened to the soil?
Soybeans were stored in the warehouse, but they got wet and all rotted.
The cardamom plant is getting sick and starting to dry out, what to do now?
Wheat production decreased due to lack of rain in the winter season, will the government provide any relief?
Due to the lack of chemical fertilizer, rice planting could not be done on time.
The power tiller is broken and sitting idle, and I can't find anyone to repair it.
We are forced to plant old seeds because we can't get improved varieties of rice seeds.
Rice production decreased this year due to heavy rain, how to make a living?
The stored wheat was destroyed by weevils, what will we eat now?
Paddy could not be sold even at the support price fixed by the government, traders buy it cheaply.
I tried to get a loan for rice farming, but the bank harassed me with a complicated process.
The flood washed away the field and the vegetable farming was completely destroyed, what to do now?
This year, the income is low because the orange production decreased, how to manage household expenses?
It's so hard to get spice seeds, where to go and ask?
Too much water has accumulated in the field and the rice seedlings are starting to rot, there is no drainage system.
The potato crop was affected by disease and production decreased, the medicine didn't work either.
This year, the price of carrots is not good either, it doesn't seem like the cost will be recovered.
The tomato crop has an increased infestation of insects, it is not controlled even when pesticides are applied.
It rained during the rice harvesting season and all the rice sprouted in the field, a big loss occurred.
Due to the black market of chemical fertilizers, farmers could not get fertilizer on time.
The roof of the rice seed storage was leaking, so all the seeds were ruined.
The cost of the farmers was not considered when determining the price of rice.
Compensation for the field swept away by the flood has not been received yet.
I had agricultural insurance, but I haven't received any money yet even though the crop was damaged.
There is a compulsion to flatter the leaders to get government subsidized fertilizer.
This year, the corn production was not as expected because the weather did not cooperate.
Due to the lack of fertilizer, there was a big decrease in potato production, the government doesn't help at all.
The stored rice was infested with insects and everything was destroyed, how to feed the family now?
There is a fear of being cheated even when buying rice seeds, it is difficult to get genuine seeds.
Even when asking for technical assistance by going to the agriculture office, no one cares.
Due to not being able to repay the loan taken for rice farming, the house and land are about to be auctioned.
This year, I am afraid that there will be a famine due to the decrease in rice production.
Don't know when we'll get the subsidy the government said they'd give to farmers.
Even using pesticide to protect the paddy seeds from fungus didn't work.
This year even the radish seeds didn't sprout well, I wonder what's the reason?
Worms got into the mustard greens and destroyed everything, what to eat now?
These days even cauliflower doesn't have a good price, what will we even get from selling it!
The cabbages stored in the warehouse all rotted, how to sell them now?
This year even the chili plants didn't grow well, don't know what happened.
The bean plants got a disease and the leaves are turning yellow and falling off, what to do now?
Worms got into the eggplants and all the fruits fell off, even the pesticide didn't work.
This year even the pumpkin production wasn't that good, I wonder why?
The bottle gourd plant got a disease and is starting to dry out, what to do now?
In this time after the earthquake, controlling pests with organic methods is much safer than using chemical pesticides.
This year there's an outbreak of viral disease in paddy, so the production is likely to decrease compared to last year.
Instead of increasing production immediately by using chemical fertilizer, it's better to increase soil fertility sustainably by using organic fertilizer.
Instead of using pesticides in the Kharif season, it is more effective to take preventive measures before the monsoon.
Adopting an integrated pest management system not only reduces costs but also reduces the negative impact on the environment.
Instead of taking safety precautions for pesticides, farmers have been negligent, increasing the risk of accidents.
This year, the outbreak of fungal diseases in wheat is much higher than last year.
Having water available on time is a great relief for farmers, rather than having a water shortage during the rice planting season.
Excessive use of pesticides not only reduces soil fertility but also has serious effects on human health.
This time, potato diseases in the winter season are more visible compared to last year.
Using modern technology to control weeds saves time compared to doing it traditionally.
Using organic pesticides in the field is more environment friendly than spraying chemical pesticides.
Farmers are having it easy because improved seeds are available at the local seed bank; before, they had to go far away.
It's wise to take preventive measures before viral diseases damage crops.
Integrated pest management not only reduces the use of chemical pesticides but also helps protect the environment.
Using biological control methods to control crop pests is better for the environment than using pesticides.
It's better for farmers to consult the Agriculture Knowledge Center than to take loans and buy expensive pesticides.
There is a possibility of increased bacterial diseases in rice this year due to excessive rainfall during the monsoon.
Instead of using pesticides to control insects, it is necessary to regularly inspect the crops.
The government should encourage the production of organic fertilizers instead of subsidizing chemical fertilizers.
Unsafe use of pesticides affects the environment as well as the health of consumers.
The availability of improved seeds in the local seed bank has reduced the farmers' dependence on the market.
Not wearing a mask while spraying pesticides in the fields can be harmful to your health; it's best to wear one.
The use of chemical pesticides reduces soil fertility and also pollutes water sources.
This year, the outbreak of late blight disease in potatoes is less visible compared to last year.
Using organic pesticides instead of pesticides is not only environment friendly but also beneficial for health.
Pulling weeds by hand instead of using pesticides to control them is good for the environment.
Seed banks should preserve local seeds and also provide farmers with improved seeds.
Using compost fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer in the field is beneficial for the soil.
Integrated pest management reduces pest outbreaks and also lowers costs.
Using pesticides pollutes the environment and also negatively affects human health.
Because there was less rain this year, there's a chance of increased fungal diseases in rice.
Seed banks should distribute improved seeds and also provide training to farmers.
It's safer to use organic pesticides than chemical pesticides.
Integrated pest management reduces pesticide use and also helps protect the environment.
Unsafe pesticide use can seriously affect farmers' health, it's best to be careful.
Seed banks should check seed quality and also arrange for storage.
It's better for the soil to use organic fertilizer than chemical fertilizer.
Integrated pest management prevents crop diseases and also increases production.
Using pesticides reduces soil fertility and also increases water pollution.
Seed banks should conserve local seeds and also inform farmers about new technologies.
Using organic fertilizer in the field is more environmentally friendly than chemical fertilizer.
Integrated pest management reduces pesticide use and also lowers costs.
Using pesticides pollutes the environment and also negatively affects consumer health.
Seed banks should check seed quality and also provide advice to farmers.
Using organic fertilizer in the field is more beneficial than chemical fertilizer.
To control blast disease in rice during the Kharif season, it's better to plant disease-resistant seeds than to spray pesticides.
Seed banks should dry seeds well before storing them, otherwise there is a risk of pests.
Using pesticides damages the field's soil and also contaminates water sources.
Integrated pest management keeps the environment clean and also increases crop production.
Looks like we need to increase cold storage capacity for storing rice in the hilly areas.
Farmers here have started growing more corn than wheat.
A lot of loss happens because there's no proper system for storing potatoes and other vegetables.
This year the production of apples and other fruits wasn't as expected.
There's increasing demand for black lentils and other legumes in the hills.
The government should bring special programs to increase millet production.
It would be good if we could use modern technology in soybean farming.
Farmers are worried about the drop in cardamom prices.
There's still a lot of potential for ginger farming in the hilly region.
There was a shortage of fertilizer for planting rice during the monsoon season.
We need to get seeds on time for wheat farming in the winter.
The flood during the monsoon damaged the paddy crop.
Farmers are excited to grow vegetables in the spring season.
We need to contact the cooperative for rice seeds.
It's easier to use a power tiller for planting wheat.
The government should subsidize fertilizer for corn farming.
We should reduce the use of chemical fertilizers when growing vegetables.
Training in modern technology is necessary to increase fruit production.
New seeds need to be developed to increase lentil production.
Government should give incentives to promote millet farming.
It would be good if we could start a soybean oil production factory.
We need to diagnose the diseases that have appeared in cardamom farming.
Good income can be earned from ginger farming.
Looks like it will rain on time this year for paddy farming.
Cold storage construction is necessary to increase wheat storage capacity.
Production increases when using improved corn seeds.
There should be irrigation facilities for vegetable farming.
There is a provision of grants for planting fruit seedlings.
Farmers should be trained to increase lentil production.
Awareness programs should be conducted in the village to explain the importance of millet.
The use of organic fertilizer in soybean farming should be encouraged.
The government should pay attention to determining the market price of cardamom.
Ginger can be stored safely for a long time by keeping it in cold storage.
New technology should be adopted to increase paddy production.
Soil testing should be done when cultivating wheat.
We have to stand in line to get the government subsidy on corn seeds.
There should be a good transportation system to get vegetables to the market.
Young people are attracted to fruit farming.
A lentil processing center should be established.
We should make dishes made from millet flour popular.
Farmers should be informed about how to cultivate cardamom.
If we can start a ginger powder industry, it will be easier to export.
Rice farming is decreasing in the hilly areas.
Modern equipment should be used in wheat farming.
Suitable soil for maize cultivation should be identified.
Farmers should have a role in determining the price of vegetables.
A fruit insurance plan should be introduced.
Modern warehouses should be built for storing lentils.
New plans should be introduced to attract youth to agriculture, with incentives for producing crops like rice, maize, and wheat.
Due to lack of water, pig farming might not progress as expected; young farmers should look for alternatives.
If the temperature is not right when storing pork in cold storage, it could spoil, so be careful.
The increasing cost of animal feed could ruin the pig farming business, so be aware.
There is a high risk of disease in pig farming, so consult a veterinarian in time.
Raising improved breeds of pigs requires a large initial investment, so young people may need to take out loans.
If there is no proper ventilation when building a pig pen, disease can spread, so take precautions.
Young farmers may have to bear losses as the price of pork fluctuates in the market.
Raising too many pigs in one place increases waste and can pollute the environment, so pay attention to cleanliness.
If pigs are not vaccinated on time, an epidemic can spread and cause great damage, so be alert.
Doing business without obtaining the necessary license to sell pork can lead to legal trouble.
Putting chicks for poultry farming in cold storage can cause them to die due to temperature problems.
Raising improved breeds of pigs instead of local breeds can reduce disease resistance, so pay special attention.
If you don't get proper training before starting a pig farm, you might lose money, so it's important to get training.
Starting a pig farm without ensuring a market for the pork can lead to wasted production, so identify the market.
If young farmers don't get insurance when raising pigs, a disaster can cause a big financial loss, so get insurance.
If the water management for pigs isn't good, production can decrease, so secure the water source.
If the price of feed for pigs increases, the production cost can increase, so look for alternative feeds.
If you don't pay pig farm workers a fair wage, they might quit, so pay them fairly.
If you don't manage pig manure properly, it can cause a bad smell in the environment, so manage the manure.
If you don't follow local rules and standards when raising pigs, you might have to pay a fine, so follow the rules.
Beekeeping in cold storage can reduce honey production if the environment isn't right for the bees.
Building a pig pen near a village can affect the locals due to the smell, so build the pen away from the village.
If you don't get the pigs checked regularly, diseases can spread to other pigs without being detected, so get regular checkups.
If you don't pay attention to cleanliness when processing pork, it can negatively affect the health of consumers, so pay attention to cleanliness.
If young people start pig farming just hoping for government grants, they may be disappointed if they don't get them, so make alternative plans.
If you borrow too much money to invest in pig farming, it can be difficult to repay the loan if the business isn't successful, so be careful.
If middlemen take too much commission when selling pork, farmers may not get a fair price, so try selling directly to consumers.
Using new technology in pig farming without knowing much about it can cause damage, so only use it after getting information.
There can be electrical hazards when raising pigs, so keep the electrical wires safe.
Using medicine for pigs without knowing about it can have negative effects, so consult a veterinarian.
Young farmers focusing only on pig farming and ignoring goat farming can increase risk, keep other options open too.
Keeping sheep in cold storage without proper care can make them sick.
Not taking necessary precautions for employee safety while pig farming can cause accidents, arrange for safety measures.
Using poisonous pesticides in the pig pen can affect the pigs, use safe pesticides.
Starting a pig farm without estimating costs can lead to losses, estimate the costs.
There is a risk of fire in the pig pen, take precautions.
Young people leaving buffalo farming and starting pig farming can lead to failure due to lack of experience.
Not having enough light in the pig pen can affect the growth of the pigs, arrange for lighting.
Keeping livestock in cold storage without the required temperature can make them sick.
Producing pigs without considering the local market demand can lead to unsold products, study the demand.
If there is a problem of water accumulation in the pig pen, diseases can spread, prevent water from accumulating.
Climate change can affect pig farming, plan for it.
Young farmers can have accidents if they don't take safety precautions when using agricultural tools.
Feeding pigs moldy feed can make them sick, feed them non-moldy feed.
Not having proper temperature control in the pig pen during cold weather can lead to pigs dying, adjust the temperature.
Choosing the wrong land for pig farming can lead to business failure, pay attention when choosing land.
Poisonous creatures like snakes and scorpions can enter the pig pen, take precautions.
Young farmers not paying attention to yak farming can reduce income.
Not getting information about the services and facilities provided by the government for pig farming can lead to missed opportunities, get information.
Animals like cats and dogs can enter the pig pen, which can lead to the spread of diseases to the pigs, keep the pen secure.
When storing potatoes in cold storage, what things should we consider for food preservation?
How to protect stored paddy rice from food storage insects?
What kind of material is good to use when grading and packaging?
Will the paddy rice stored in this warehouse after the post-monsoon season remain safe?
How can we keep grains safe for a long time using a drying machine?
How to manage cold storage for food preservation in our area?
How to protect food items from insects when storing them this Rabi season?
How should fruits be packaged to prevent them from rotting?
Does this cold storage have facilities for grading food items?
How effective is adopting drying technology for food preservation?
Can the capacity of the warehouse be increased to reduce post-harvest loss?
Is there proper packaging available here that keeps food items safe?
How to maintain the quality of food items when storing them in cold storage?
What method is used here to control food storage insects?
Is there any insurance arrangement for the goods we store here?
What technology is used in this warehouse for food preservation?
Does this cold storage have facilities for grading and storing vegetables?
What can be done to make the drying process faster and more effective?
What kind of plans has the government introduced to reduce post-harvest loss?
What should be considered in packaging to make food items last longer?
Is there a modern grading machine available in this warehouse?
What temperature is needed in cold storage for food preservation?
Can we use organic methods to protect grains from storage pests?
Is the food stored in this cold storage insured?
How to preserve the nutrients of food items during drying?
How does post-harvest loss affect farmers?
Can we use eco-friendly materials for packaging?
What standards are followed for grading food items in this warehouse?
Can renewable energy be used for food preservation in cold storage?
Is there any training available for food storage pest control?
Is there a fee for storage in this cold storage?
How to preserve the color and taste of food items during drying?
What kind of support do farmers need to reduce post-harvest loss?
What information should be on the label of food items during packaging?
Is there any government recognition for food grading in this warehouse?
How long can food be stored in cold storage for preservation?
What are some home remedies to protect food from storage pests?
Is there compensation if the goods stored in this cold storage are lost?
How to measure the moisture content of food items during drying?
Is there a mobile app to provide information about post-harvest loss?
How to protect food items from air during packaging?
What kind of cleaning system is there while grading food items in this warehouse?
Is there any grant for food preservation in cold storage?
Is it safe to use pesticides to control food storage insects?
Is it possible to book online in this cold storage?
How can the cost of the drying process be reduced?
What precautions should farmers take to avoid post-harvest loss?
What could be the alternative to plastic used in packaging?
How to get the grading report of food items in this warehouse?
What kind of air management should be there for food preservation in cold storage?
The risk of floods in this year's monsoon seems higher than last year, so be careful.
According to the weather forecast, the possibility of drought is slightly higher this year compared to last year, so pay attention to water management.
The risk of landslides is higher in hilly areas than in the plains, so it is necessary to plan for resettlement.
The shortage of fertilizer during paddy planting seems to be even more severe this year than last year.
Farmers are facing problems as wheat seeds have become more expensive this year compared to last year.
Due to less winter rainfall due to climate change, wheat production is estimated to be lower this year than last year.
Due to the lack of timely rains this year, paddy planting started much later compared to last year.
Please provide information about crop insurance, many more farmers are interested in getting insurance this year than last year.
The storm damaged the maize crop, the damage is more this year compared to last year.
As there is less chance of rain, paddy production is likely to be lower this year than last year.
This year, meteorologists say the impact of cold waves on winter crops will be more than last year.
Using more organic fertilizer and less chemical fertilizer this year is way more important than last year.
The interest rate on agricultural loans is a bit higher this year than last year, but there should be programs to give farmers relief.
Adopting new technology for climate adaptation is way more effective than farming the old way.
Farmers avoided a lot of damage this year compared to last year by getting timely weather forecasts.
Adopting drip irrigation to avoid drought is way more effective than traditional irrigation.
Using improved seeds increases production, it's much better than using local seeds.
Going to a safe place before a flood is way safer than rescuing after the flood.
This year, the rice production in monsoon is expected to be better than last year.
Farmers are in trouble because the price of potato seeds is higher this year than last year.
There's more pest infestation this year compared to last year, so we might need to use more pesticides.
The number of farmers doing agricultural insurance has increased this year compared to last year, which is a good thing.
We suffered less damage this year compared to last year by farming with the weather forecast in mind.
A new disease has appeared this year due to climate change, which is more harmful than before.
Wheat production is expected to be lower this year than last year because it didn't rain on time.
The government has increased agricultural subsidies this year, which is much better than last year.
Arrangements have been made to get relief faster this year for crops damaged by storms than last year.
Taking training for climate adaptation is way more useful than just relying on traditional knowledge.
The price of chemical fertilizer has skyrocketed this year compared to last year.
Improved seeds give better production compared to local seeds.
This year, looks like the corn production will be less compared to last year because of the drought.
Got a lot of benefit this year compared to last year by planting crops after getting weather forecast info.
It's been easier to get grants for agriculture equipment this year compared to last year.
The government will help faster this year than last year to replant in the fields damaged by the flood.
Paddy planting was easier this year compared to last year because it rained on time.
There's a chance wheat production will be less this year compared to last year because there was less winter rain.
Bringing new programs to reduce the effects of climate change is more important this year than last year.
Production has increased this year by using improved seeds, which is much better than using local seeds.
There seems to be less disease in paddy this year compared to last year.
The agriculture insurance program seems more effective this year than last year.
Farmers saved their crops on time this year after getting weather forecast info, which wasn't possible last year.
It's much more important to reduce chemical fertilizer use and increase organic fertilizer use this year compared to last year.
Farmers got relief because the interest rate on agricultural loans is less this year than last year.
There's a higher chance that paddy production will be less this year than last year because there was less rain.
The windstorm damaged the corn crop this year, which is more than last year.
The number of farmers doing crop insurance has increased this year compared to last year, which is a good sign.
Farmers are having problems because the price of potato seeds has increased this year compared to last year.
There seems to be more pest infestation this year compared to last year, so we had to increase pesticide use.
It has been much easier to get subsidies on agricultural equipment this year compared to last year.
Looks like wheat production will be less this year compared to last year, because it didn't rain on time.
This year the monsoon had a lot of rain, it was easy to plant rice but there's also a big fear of floods.
It's time to plant vegetables looking at the weather forecast, now we should start preparing to plant potatoes.
Who knows what will happen, yesterday the hail did a lot of damage, all the tomato plants broke.
If it doesn't rain there will be drought, so we need to arrange irrigation in the fields.
For climate adaptation, now we have to farm in a new way.
This winter there was a lot of cold wave, it was very difficult to save the potato plants.
The landslide blocked the road, it was difficult to bring fertilizer.
Plowing the field with a power tiller is very easy, it saves both time and energy.
The government has subsidized fertilizer for farmers, we have to fill out a form for that.
This year, due to lack of timely rain, it was late to transplant the crops.
The price of vegetables in the agricultural market has dropped a lot, I wonder if we can even recover the cost.
I heard that production can be increased by using improved seeds, should we test it this year?
After the flood washed away the field, it's a big problem, how will we survive now?
It has become difficult to farm due to climate change, what to do?
There are many insects in the field, we need to spray medicine to control the insects.
Now, will the early warning system help a little?
Has the government brought any special schemes for women farmers?
It looks like there will be a lot of rain this year during the rice planting season, how to save it?
The corn has started to dry up due to lack of rain, what to do now?
These days the weather is not reliable, sometimes it's sunny, sometimes it rains.
Because of climate change effects, it hailed during apple season this year.
Should I use fertilizer for planting potatoes this time, or not?
The crops are starting to dry up because it hasn't rained; there's no option but to keep looking at the sky.
It rained a lot during wheat sowing this time, I wonder if it will sprout or not.
The government has brought an agriculture insurance plan, we should participate in it.
There's a problem of waterlogging in the field, something needs to be done about it.
Now we have to prepare the field for planting the next crop.
I don't have money to fertilize the field, should I take a loan?
It rained a lot this year, looks like the rice production will be good.
It's been so easy since weather information started coming on mobile.
It's better to plant corn than to leave the land barren.
Does anyone know how much potatoes are selling for in the market today?
The government is giving subsidies on agricultural tools too, let's go fill out the form.
There's a training program for women farmers, we should register our names.
There's a high chance of heavy rain this year, we have to protect the rice seedlings.
Due to the drought, there is a shortage of grass for the cattle, what should we feed them?
It didn't used to hail like this before, these days the hail is really bothering us.
We couldn't plant rice this year because it didn't rain on time.
The agriculture office is holding a soil testing camp, we should get the soil tested.
The cold wave ruined the potatoes in the winter, what to do now?
This place is always scary because of landslides, wish we could move to a safer place.
The weather forecast said it would rain, but the sky is clear.
What can be done to reduce the impact of climate change?
To get the grant that the government gives to farmers, you need to open an account.
This year, the vegetables got a lot of diseases, the production decreased and we had a big loss.
The government has arranged for farmers to get loans at subsidized rates.
These days, you even need mobile banking to farm.
This year, the monsoon landslides washed away many fields, how will we eat now?
The wheat production wasn't good because we didn't get fertilizer on time.
The corn plants turned yellow because it didn't rain, it looks like there will be a drought.
This winter season, I'm planning to plant improved varieties of wheat, what kind of seeds should I choose?
We are encouraging farmers to use hybrid seeds, the production will increase.
It is also our responsibility to protect local seeds, isn't it?
If the quality of the seeds is not good, the investment in fertilizer and compost will also be wasted.
We need to explain to farmers that treating seeds before planting reduces the chance of disease.
This is certified seed, plant it with confidence, you will have good production.
Many farmers' seeds are going to waste because they don't know how to store seeds.
Now the planting season is about to start, farmers should be informed about seeds.
How would it be to plant hybrid corn seeds this Kharif season?
What kind of seeds are suitable for crops planted after the monsoon?
What should we consider when choosing mustard seeds for winter?
How does using irrigation equipment affect seed production?
Does using compost fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer increase or decrease seed quality?
How easy is it to plant seeds after plowing the field with a power tiller?
It's hard to convince farmers that they can get more yield by using improved seeds.
Hybrid seeds are expensive, which is a problem for small farmers.
There are complaints that local seeds are better, and hybrid seeds damage the soil.
It's a problem that there isn't a seed quality testing lab in the village.
After getting training on seed treatment, many farmers have had good yields.
We need to run camps in villages to provide information about certified seeds.
If we could build modern warehouses for seed storage, it would greatly relieve farmers.
This year, there's an increased risk of seeds drying out because it didn't rain on time during the planting season.
It's already late to plant rice seeds in the Kharif season, what should we do now?
What kind of seeds should we choose for planting potatoes in the post-monsoon season?
What kind of soil should it be for planting wheat seeds in winter?
Many farmers haven't been able to plant seeds on time because they don't have irrigation equipment.
If we can teach how to make compost fertilizer, seed production will increase.
The use of chemical fertilizers affects the natural quality of seeds.
Using a power tiller allows seeds to be planted quickly, but it's not that easy in hilly areas.
We should also consider the type of soil when choosing seeds.
The government should give subsidies for improved seeds.
Is it true that using hybrid seeds has a negative impact on the environment?
I'm worried about local seeds disappearing.
What can be done to improve seed quality?
Where can I find the materials needed for seed treatment?
How do you recognize certified seeds?
What are the things to keep in mind when storing seeds?
Will there be a seed shortage this planting season?
Has the government introduced any plans for seeds to be planted in the Kharif season?
Where can I find seeds for crops to be planted after the monsoon?
Seeds for winter should be secured now.
Couldn't plant the seeds due to lack of irrigation equipment.
Farmers have finally understood that using compost fertilizer increases seed production.
Using a power tiller saves seed planting time.
I'm thinking of using improved seeds this year.
I've heard a lot of negative things about hybrid seeds.
We need to discuss how to conserve local seeds.
Can a mobile app be created to check seed quality?
Can medicine for seed treatment be made available at subsidized rates?
Don't forget to maintain the proper temperature when storing potatoes and onions, otherwise they will get damaged.
Before storing wheat, clean the sacks well and dry them in the sun.
When storing paddy, put wooden planks on the floor to protect from the cold.
Keep chilies and timur away from damp places, otherwise they will get moldy.
When storing oranges and lemons, keep them in a well-ventilated place.
Before storing kodo, dry it well before putting it in storage.
Before storing, check the corn well for insects.
When storing black lentils, put neem leaves to protect from mold.
When storing soybeans, dry them well before putting them in sacks.
When storing ginger, bury it in sand, it stays fresh for a long time.
When storing cardamom, use an airtight container, the aroma will disappear.
Before storing cauliflower, it should be cleaned and dried well.
When storing cabbage, keep the leaves intact.
When storing carrots and radishes, keep them in a cool place, they shouldn't wilt.
When storing potatoes, keep them in a dark place to prevent them from turning green.
When storing onions, keep them separate from each other.
When storing garlic, hang them in bunches, they shouldn't rot.
When storing tomatoes, keep the ripe and unripe ones separate.
When storing beans, dry them and put them in sacks.
When storing pumpkins, keep them off the ground.
When storing bitter gourd, cover it with a thin cloth.
When storing sponge gourd, keep it in a soft place, prevent it from wrinkling.
When storing okra, put it in a plastic bag, it stays fresh.
When storing mustard greens, keep them submerged in water.
When storing spinach, keep it in a moist place.
When storing fenugreek, keep it in an airtight container.
When storing coriander, dry the leaves.
When storing mint, cut the roots and keep it in water.
When storing mustard for mustard oil, dry it well in the sun.
When storing sugarcane, keep it in a cool and moist place, prevent it from drying out.
When storing guava, cover it with a soft cloth.
When storing bananas, hang them in bunches.
When storing mangoes, keep them in a ventilated place, they ripen quickly.
When storing pears, wrap them in paper.
When storing oranges, avoid them touching each other.
You must manage the space to store seasonal fruits.
Keep the Rabi season vegetables at the right temperature.
Pay special attention to protect Kharif season grains from mold.
Pack the fruits produced in the spring season well to keep them for a long time.
Check the agricultural products stored in the post-monsoon regularly.
You may need to use medicine to protect wheat from insects during storage.
When storing rice, keep it away from places where it might get wet.
To protect lentils from insects during storage, put neem leaves in.
When storing potatoes, keep them away from areas where fertilizer has been used.
Before storing, clean and maintain irrigation equipment properly.
Take safety precautions when using pesticides on stored items.
Store cardamom away from sunlight, the color might fade.
Clean plastic mulch well before storing, it will be useful next season.
Create an account to keep track of the details of stored items.
A mobile app can be created to provide information about storage to farmers.
There's a big problem with insects infesting a lot of grain because storage isn't taken care of.
Proper packaging materials should be used for food preservation.
Farmers don't get fair prices because there's a lack of cold storage.
There's more damage to crops in the Kharif season than in the Rabi season.
Grain can be kept safe for a longer time by using drying techniques.
It's better to send goods to market only after grading.
Farmers have to bear huge losses because there isn't proper warehouse management.
I advise using organic pesticides to protect against storage insects.
Special precautions should be taken when storing after the monsoon.
A lot of grain is wasted in the field because crops can't be harvested on time.
It's necessary to adopt modern technology in food storage.
Proper packaging keeps vegetables fresh for longer.
Storing grains in a dry place reduces the chance of mold.
Farmers should be trained to reduce storage losses.
Food crisis can come if we don't pay attention to food preservation.
There is a chance of mold in grains due to moisture.
Fertilizer consumption is higher in the Kharif season than in the Rabi season.
Grains won't get infested if you dry them well in the sun before storing.
You can get a good price if you do grading.
Farmers should be made aware to reduce storage losses.
Information about food preservation needs to reach the farmers.
Farmers are forced to sell their produce cheaply because there are no cold stores.
Wheat and barley production is good in the Rabi season.
Using drying machines saves time and labor.
Modern equipment should be used for grading.
Grains should not be stored in plastic bags.
The government has introduced various programs for food preservation.
There are not many problems when storing grains in cold weather.
Preparations should be made now to avoid fertilizer shortages for the Rabi season.
Grains last longer if dried well before storing.
Customers like it when you grade and send it to the market.
To reduce storage loss, the local government should also help.
Farmers should get subsidies for food preservation.
Using cold storage can keep vegetables and fruits fresh for a longer time.
Paddy production is high in the Kharif season.
It is necessary to improve drying technology.
It is the duty of the businessman to send goods to the market only after grading.
To reduce storage loss, pesticides should be used.
Training should be organized to provide information about food preservation.
Because there is no cold storage, we have to sell potatoes cheaply.
The pre-monsoon storm damaged the crops.
There is less chance of insects when storing grain in a dry place.
I advise using neem leaves to protect against storage insect infestation.
Increase production by using improved seeds, this is one way to attract youth.
Even though hybrid seeds are expensive, the investment is not wasted because the production is high.
Save local seeds, it keeps the soil and environment in balance.
Do not plant seeds in the field without testing the quality, you may regret it later.
Only plant after treating the seeds, the chance of disease is reduced.
Use only certified seeds, it gives good production.
Pay attention when storing seeds, otherwise they will lose their germination power.
Improved paddy seeds for the Kharif season are available here.
Bring and keep wheat seeds ready on time for the winter season.
Make sure to use fertilizer when planting.
Only use fertilizer after testing the soil.
Choose seeds according to your local climate.
Seed subsidy programs should be introduced to attract youth to agriculture.
Contact the agriculture office if you need more information about seeds.
For good yield, the fertilizer should be good along with the seeds.
Keep the seed storage area clean to protect the seeds from pests.
Pay attention to soil fertility when using hybrid seeds.
It is our duty to save local seeds from extinction.
Take it to the agricultural lab to check the quality of the seeds.
Take necessary precautions when treating seeds.
Come to the agriculture office to get information about where to find certified seeds.
Protect seeds from moisture when storing them.
You can get improved seeds for planting corn in the Kharif season.
Learn how to manage seeds for planting potatoes in the winter season.
Pay attention to seed depth and spacing when planting.
Fill out the form if you want to get an agricultural loan for fertilizer and seeds.
Choose seeds that are disease resistant when selecting seeds.
Youth should be given seed production training.
Contact us if you have any problems regarding the seeds.
Seed selection is important for good yield.
Manage properly to protect the seeds from the sun.
Make the youths understand that improved seeds help increase production.
By using hybrid seeds, a lot of production can be taken in less time.
The government should provide subsidies to promote local seeds.
Train the farmers to maintain the quality of seeds.
Use pesticides carefully when treating seeds.
Only buy certified seeds, avoid being cheated.
Plant the paddy seeds for the Kharif season quickly.
Plant mustard seeds on time for the winter season.
Use fertilizer according to the soil condition at the time of planting.
Take expert advice when selecting seeds.
Establish seed banks to attract youth to agriculture.
Use mobile app for information about seeds.
Along with seeds, irrigation should also be managed for good production.
Use organic pesticides to protect seeds from pests.
Contact an agricultural expert to get information about hybrid seeds.
Reward the farmers who produce local seeds.
The seeds should be tested to check the quality.
Don't forget to wear gloves when treating seeds.
Because of climate change, collecting rainwater seems like a more reliable option than canal irrigation this year.
Looks like installing a sprinkler irrigation system requires a bit more investment compared to drip irrigation.
Due to water scarcity, it seems necessary to manage the irrigation schedule before using fertilizer this year.
In this cooperative office, farmers are encouraged to adopt modern drip irrigation technology over traditional irrigation systems.
Since there's less rainfall in the monsoon this year compared to previous years, there's no alternative to extracting groundwater.
During the research, I found that irrigating with organic fertilizer is more effective than using chemical pesticides.
Since there is less rain this year, collecting rainwater for irrigation is a better option than canal irrigation.
Managing irrigation is more important than plowing the field using a power tiller first.
It is necessary to ensure a water source for irrigation before planting rice this year.
Drip irrigation helps save more water than sprinkler irrigation.
Regular maintenance of the canal irrigation system is cheaper than installing a new system.
Using organic fertilizer for irrigation instead of chemical fertilizer increases soil fertility.
Collecting rainwater for irrigation is better for the environment than excessive extraction of groundwater.
Canal irrigation might be more effective than sprinkler irrigation for rice farming.
Due to climate change, we need to change the irrigation schedule this year, we have to adopt a different method than before.
When using drip irrigation, fertilizer use can be reduced because it directly delivers fertilizer to the roots.
During a drought, it is wise to collect and store rainwater rather than extracting groundwater.
There are fewer challenges in sprinkler irrigation than in managing water in canal irrigation.
It is better to manage sufficient irrigation before using fertilizer this year.
Collecting rainwater for irrigation is more environment friendly than extracting ground water.
When allocating budget for irrigation maintenance, it's better to improve the old ones than invest in new technology.
Modern drip irrigation systems utilize water better than traditional irrigation systems.
Before using pesticides, diseases can be controlled by proper irrigation management.
This year, using ground water for paddy farming instead of canal water is like a compulsion.
Due to water scarcity, proper irrigation management is necessary before using fertilizer.
Drip irrigation saves more water compared to sprinkler irrigation, so it is preferred by many farmers.
In the current situation, using collected rainwater is more effective than canal irrigation.
Due to climate change, water scarcity is increasing, so changing the irrigation schedule is more necessary than before.
I was very happy after understanding that using organic fertilizer is better than using chemical fertilizer and then irrigating.
Collecting rainwater and irrigating is much better for the environment than using ground water.
If canal irrigation maintenance work is not done on time, farmers face big problems; this is more important than making new plans.
Installing a drip irrigation system is much more beneficial than using a traditional irrigation system.
Collecting rainwater for irrigation is an environmentally friendly option than extracting ground water.
This year, it seems we need to focus on irrigation rather than using fertilizer, because there is a water shortage.
Due to water scarcity, we had to change the irrigation schedule this year, and make a different plan than previously thought.
In this place, sprinkler irrigation systems seem more useful than canal irrigation.
Using compost fertilizer and then irrigating increases soil fertility compared to using chemical fertilizer.
Installing a new irrigation system is much more expensive than paying attention to irrigation maintenance.
Collecting rainwater and irrigating is a sustainable solution than exploiting ground water.
Drip irrigation helps to use water efficiently compared to canal irrigation.
Collecting rainwater for irrigation is easier and cheaper than extracting groundwater.
Due to water scarcity this year, we need to manage irrigation before using fertilizer.
Modern drip irrigation saves water compared to traditional irrigation methods.
Rainwater harvesting for irrigation is a better option than using groundwater.
This year, we are forced to farm using groundwater instead of canal irrigation.
Due to climate change, changing the irrigation schedule is more important now than before.
Using drip irrigation can reduce pesticide use because it delivers directly to the roots.
Due to water scarcity, managing irrigation is more important than using a power tiller this year.
Since there was less rain this monsoon, rainwater harvesting seems more challenging than canal irrigation.
Managing sufficient irrigation before applying fertilizer is very important for farmers.
Do we need to be affiliated with a farmer's group to get fertilizer subsidies?
What is an easy way to make compost fertilizer in hilly areas?
How does the use of urea fertilizer affect soil fertility?
How much difference will it make in production if we use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer?
What is the price of DAP fertilizer and where can I find it?
Can I get information on how much fertilizer to put on wheat seeds this year?
What amount of potash fertilizer should be used for potato farming?
When is the best time to apply fertilizer when planting rice?
What problems occur in the soil when using too much chemical fertilizer?
How to use fertilizer at the right time, where can I get training?
What happens to the crops if you put too much fertilizer in the field?
How to use urea fertilizer during the rainy season, I'm afraid it will wash away?
How to use cow dung to make organic fertilizer?
If we use compost fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer, will the production decrease or increase?
Does the government provide any help to transport fertilizer in the mountains?
What kind of fertilizer is needed for winter crops?
When to use urea fertilizer in wheat farming?
Where can I get more information about fertilizer?
When will the fertilizer subsidy open this year?
Where does the compost fertilizer making training take place?
Do we need to do a soil test when using chemical fertilizer?
How to save the crops when there is a shortage of fertilizer?
How to properly manage fertilizer in hilly areas?
How can compost fertilizer be made high quality?
What should be done to inform farmers about the use of fertilizer?
What do farmers have to do to get a fertilizer subsidy?
How to know the acidity of the soil when using fertilizer?
Is there a need for chemical fertilizer when using organic fertilizer?
When is the training on how to manage fertilizer?
How to improve soil that's ruined from using too much urea fertilizer in the field?
What other options are there to use instead of chemical fertilizer?
Where can I find the materials needed to make compost fertilizer?
How much subsidy has the government given for fertilizer this year?
How to know the changes happening in the soil when using fertilizer?
How can fertilizer transportation be made easier in hilly areas?
How to motivate farmers to learn about fertilizer?
Tell me about organic pesticides that can be used as an alternative to fertilizer.
Which method is effective to use when teaching farmers about fertilizer use?
Can training be held in villages to provide information about the correct use of fertilizer?
Can a workshop be organized to teach how to make compost fertilizer?
Has the price of chemical fertilizer increased or decreased this year?
Which office should I go to to apply for a fertilizer subsidy?
How can water pollution be reduced when using fertilizer?
Can leaflets and pamphlets be distributed to provide information about the proper use of fertilizer?
How can farmers be encouraged to reduce the use of chemical fertilizers?
Can a mobile app be created to provide information about fertilizer?
Can research be done on fertilizer use in hilly areas?
A lot of grain was wasted because our cooperative's warehouse didn't have proper food preservation.
This year, unseasonal rains hindered the drying process, causing a lot of grain to rot.
Because there's no cold storage, we have to sell fruits from the hills for cheap.
We couldn't get a good price in the market because our produce wasn't graded properly.
The cooperative was late distributing seeds, so we couldn't plant on time this year.
Our product couldn't compete in the market due to lack of proper packaging.
Because there was no cold storage, we couldn't store potatoes for very long.
Production decreased due to lack of irrigation equipment during the dry season.
It was very difficult to control pests this time, many crops were damaged.
Production wasn't as expected because the cooperative didn't provide improved seeds on time.
The grain spoiled because of mold due to improper ventilation in storage.
Climate change has greatly affected production in our area.
Potato production decreased because we didn't get fertilizer on time.
Wheat farming started to dry up due to lack of water in the winter.
There was a problem because the cooperative didn't provide proper packaging training.
The infestation of storage pests is increasing, but there is no help for control.
Because there is no grading machine, it takes a long time and the quality is not good.
Vegetables rotted in the field because we didn't get a fair price in the local market.
There is an increased fear of pests in rice because we couldn't dry it on time.
There is a problem because the cooperative is not interested in building cold storage.
The possibility of grain spoilage has increased due to improper ventilation in the warehouse.
Even though the cooperative arranged for improved seeds, it's difficult to get them on time due to transportation problems.
Many farmers are suffering because they don't have proper knowledge of food preservation.
It was hard to dry the rice this year because of too much rain, and there were problems with storage.
The cooperative didn't take any initiative to reduce post-harvest loss.
The grain spoiled because we couldn't maintain the proper temperature in storage.
The cooperative didn't arrange plastic tunnels to protect from unseasonal rain.
The problem of mold growing on the grain is increasing because there isn't proper drying technology.
It takes a long time because there isn't the necessary equipment for grading.
Dairy products are going to waste because there isn't a cold storage.
Production decreased this year because the cooperative didn't provide seeds on time.
We had to keep the produced grain in the open air because there isn't a proper place for storage.
Our goods don't sell in the market because the packaging isn't good.
We have suffered a lot of losses because there is no training about post-harvest loss.
The crops were damaged because the cooperative didn't provide pesticides on time.
The government should bring proper policies for food preservation.
Traders are buying at low prices because there isn't proper grading.
Fruits are rotting and going to waste due to the lack of cold storage.
Orange production decreased this year due to climate change.
The grain was damaged by insects in storage, but the cooperative didn't help at all.
The cooperative didn't provide information about modern drying technology.
There was a lot of loss this year because the potatoes got diseased, but there is no insurance arrangement.
The cooperative didn't arrange proper loans for storage.
Rats ate the grains in the warehouse, causing a lot of damage.
It's a problem because the materials needed for packaging are expensive.
It's been a problem not getting proper training for food preservation.
The cooperative planned to buy a grading machine, but it hasn't been implemented yet.
Because there was no cold storage, the tomatoes rotted in the field.
Due to climate change, rice production decreased this year.
Due to improper care in storage, the grains got infested with insects and spoiled.
Farmers are facing problems because of the high price fluctuations in the local market after the flood.
Farmers are getting fair prices because of cooperative marketing, but we haven't been able to include everyone.
It seems like the lack of fertilizer this Rabi season will affect production.
Farmers should be encouraged to sell directly; this will increase their income.
Farmers are not getting fair prices for their produce because of middlemen.
By using online markets, farmers can directly reach consumers with their produce.
Farmers are having problems because the process of creating export documents is complicated.
We need to inform consumers to increase demand in the local market.
The cooperative should help farmers collectively access the market.
Farmers need improved seeds to plant new crops in the spring.
The government should intervene to solve the problem of price fluctuations.
We need to bring a program to connect farmers directly with consumers.
We should encourage new farmer groups to increase competition in the local market.
Farmers are worried because the pre-monsoon storm damaged the crops.
It's important to make farmers understand the importance of cooperative marketing.
Farmers should be empowered by training them on how to use online markets.
There's a lack of staff to help with making export documents.
Farmers should be trained to improve the quality of produce in the local market.
Farmers should be given priority in the wholesale market.
Cooperatives should give farmers information about price forecasts.
Plastic tunnels will be distributed to farmers to increase vegetable production in winter.
Agricultural Development Bank should provide loans to farmers in a simple way.
Farmers should do crop insurance to avoid price fluctuations.
There are complaints that middlemen are unnecessarily increasing prices in the local market.
Workshops should be conducted in villages to teach farmers how to sell directly.
Active participation of members is necessary to make cooperative marketing effective.
Farmers should have knowledge of mobile banking to sell their products in the online market.
A help desk should be established to provide information about export documents.
Organic produce should be prioritized in the local market.
Cooperatives should provide fertilizers and seeds to farmers on time.
It seems that irrigation needs to be managed for the Rabi season.
Farmers should be given the opportunity to display their produce in the wholesale market.
We can give price fluctuation information to farmers through SMS.
We should try our best to remove the middleman and do things that benefit the farmer.
When selling directly, farmers get to understand consumer demand.
New technology should be used for cooperative marketing.
We need to pay attention to making payments secure in the online market.
Initiatives should be taken to simplify the process of making export documents.
There should be healthy competition in the local market.
Cooperative organizations should provide technical assistance to farmers.
Farmers should be encouraged to plant fruit plants in the spring season.
There should be a resting place for farmers in the wholesale market.
The news of farmers committing suicide due to price fluctuations makes me sad.
Complaints are coming that middlemen are cheating farmers.
Farmers should be trained to sell directly.
New plans should be brought to organize cooperative marketing.
Farmers should be taught how to put photos of their products in the online market.
A booklet should be prepared providing the necessary information for export documents.
Products produced in the local market should be promoted.
Farmers should be trained to reduce the use of pesticides.
How can we keep the women farmers here safe from the risk of landslides after the monsoon starts?
What can be done for climate adaptation this year, as there is an increased risk of crops drying out due to drought?
Hailstorm damaged the vegetable crops, what immediate relief measures are there for this?
If there's no winter rain, will wheat production decrease this year? How to find out weather forecast info?
What can be done for immediate relief and rehabilitation for women farmers when floods wash away fields?
What measures can be taken to protect potatoes from cold waves in this hilly region?
What should be done to get weather forecast information to women farmers on time?
What programs can be introduced to reduce the impact of climate change on the lives of women farmers?
What can be done to protect paddy crops from excessive rainfall during the monsoon?
Can women farmers be taught water harvesting methods to reduce water scarcity during droughts?
Can an insurance program be introduced to protect crops from hailstorms?
What advice can be given to women farmers to protect livestock from cold waves?
Can women farmers living in landslide-prone areas be moved to safer locations?
How can agricultural planning be done by getting weather information on time?
Can women farmers be trained for climate adaptation?
What advice to give women farmers to avoid flooding during the monsoon?
The corn crop planted by women farmers has started to dry up due to the drought, what to do now?
Has the government introduced any relief plans for the crops damaged by the hailstorm?
According to this year's weather forecast, what is the rainfall prediction?
What can be done for soil conservation to reduce the risk of landslides?
What policies should be introduced to address the impact of climate change on women farmers?
What can be done for pre-emptive preparation to avoid natural disasters during the monsoon?
What can be done to solve the problems faced by women farmers due to drought?
Can women farmers be immediately compensated after hail damage?
How will the cold wave affect crops this year?
Climate change is making it difficult for women farmers to farm, how can this be made easier?
What should be done to protect fields from floods during the monsoon season?
How can seeds and fertilizers be arranged for women farmers affected by drought?
When will relief be distributed to farmers affected by hail?
What precautions should be taken to protect crops from cold waves?
What can be done to rehabilitate women farmers displaced by landslides?
How can the early warning system be made more effective to avoid the risk of flooding during the monsoon?
What long-term plan can be made to solve the drought problem?
Can new technology be used to protect crops from hail?
Who can be assigned to assess the damage caused to crops by the cold wave?
Which means can be used to provide women farmers with information about climate change?
What arrangements can be made for women farmers to reach the market when roads are blocked due to heavy rains during the monsoon?
How can grass be arranged for women farmers for animal husbandry during the drought?
Has the government introduced a grant program to protect crops from hail?
How can immediate relief be provided in the cold wave affected area?
What process should be followed to move settlements at risk of landslides to safer locations?
What can be done to teach women farmers weather-appropriate farming techniques?
Can we provide psychosocial counseling to women farmers affected by natural disasters during the monsoon?
How can we arrange water in places where there's a drinking water problem due to drought?
Can the loans of women farmers affected by hailstorms be waived?
Can farmers be trained to build plastic tunnels to protect from cold waves?
Can we plant trees in places at risk of landslides?
Can women farmers be encouraged to use organic fertilizer to reduce the impact of climate change?
What kind of pesticides can be used to protect crops from monsoon season diseases?
Looking at this year's weather forecast, what does the monsoon look like it will be?
Don't forget to treat the seeds before planting improved seeds for the monsoon.
Pay attention when storing seeds to maintain good seed quality.
If you use hybrid seeds, adjust the amount of fertilizer accordingly.
Give priority to local seeds, they are suitable for our soil.
It is good to plant seeds only after testing the soil after an earthquake.
When choosing seeds for the winter season, choose varieties that can withstand the cold.
Add necessary fertilizers to the soil before planting seeds.
Keep the amount of pesticide very low when treating seeds.
Use only certified seeds for good production.
When choosing seeds for post-monsoon, choose varieties that can grow even with less water.
Seed treatment is essential to protect seeds from disease.
Put neem leaves when storing seeds to protect them from insects.
Before planting improved seeds, get information about them.
If you're using hybrid seeds, know their characteristics.
When looking for local seeds, choose according to your place's climate.
To check seed quality, do a germination test.
Wear gloves when processing seeds.
When storing seeds, keep them in a place where water can't get in.
Contact the agriculture office for certified seeds.
Keep seeds prepared for planting in the monsoon season safe in plastic.
Only store processed seeds after drying them in the sun.
Use a mobile app to get information about hybrid seeds.
Conserve local seeds to prevent them from disappearing.
Check the seed quality from time to time to prevent it from deteriorating.
Wear a mask for safety when processing seeds.
If you can store seeds well, they will be useful next season.
You can fill out a form online for certified seeds.
Use compost manure in the soil before planting seeds.
Hybrid seeds have higher production capacity.
Local seeds are cheap and easily available.
Pay attention to storage to maintain seed quality.
Dry the seeds well after processing.
Consult with an agriculture expert for certified seeds.
When choosing seeds for the monsoon, choose ones suitable for waterlogged areas.
Use organic pesticides when processing seeds.
Keep the temperature balanced when storing seeds.
You can get more yield from improved seeds.
The government has provided subsidies for hybrid seeds.
Local seeds help protect the environment.
Use organic fertilizer to improve seed quality.
Choose pesticides according to the soil type when processing seeds.
Protect seeds from the cold when storing them.
Go to the nearest agricultural cooperative for certified seeds.
Consider the soil fertility when choosing seeds.
Only sell and distribute seeds after processing them.
Protect seeds from termites when storing them.
Organize training to provide information about improved seeds.
Irrigation should be available when planting hybrid seeds.
The government has introduced programs to promote local seeds.
I found that using organic fertilizer is much better for the soil than chemical fertilizer in this time after the earthquake.
I think that if we increase the use of compost fertilizer this year, we can reduce the use of chemical fertilizer.
Since the price of urea fertilizer has skyrocketed, using cow manure instead could be the best option for farmers.
When using DAP fertilizer, it's better to use compost fertilizer, keeping in mind other chemical reactions in the soil.
Farmers need to understand that organic fertilizer benefits the soil in the long run compared to potash fertilizer.
Using biofertilizers can reduce the use of chemical fertilizers, but its effectiveness should be considered.
Although fertilizer subsidies provide immediate relief to farmers, in the long run, it can discourage the use of organic fertilizers.
Using fertilizer correctly during planting can be better with compost fertilizer compared to chemical fertilizer.
Excessive use of chemical fertilizers reduces soil fertility, so it's good to increase the use of compost fertilizer.
This year, I'm thinking of using organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer for the wheat season.
I found out from research that using organic fertilizer benefits the soil more than chemical fertilizer.
Although it takes time to make compost fertilizer, it is much safer than chemical fertilizer.
Although urea fertilizer is readily available, using organic fertilizer instead provides long-term benefits to the soil.
Although using DAP fertilizer makes the crop grow quickly, using compost fertilizer improves soil quality.
Although using potash fertilizer increases production, using biofertilizers keeps the soil healthy.
The government's fertilizer subsidy is limited to chemical fertilizers only, which is why the use of organic fertilizer is low.
The right time to use fertilizer is as important for chemical fertilizer as it is for organic fertilizer.
Using compost fertilizer is better for the soil than using excessive fertilizer.
Although the use of chemical fertilizers increases production, organic fertilizer protects the health of the soil.
Although chemical fertilizer is easily available, the use of organic fertilizer protects the environment.
The use of chemical fertilizer immediately increases production, but the use of compost fertilizer sustains soil fertility.
Using urea fertilizer makes the plant grow faster, but using organic fertilizer strengthens the roots.
Using DAP fertilizer helps in flowering and fruiting, but using compost fertilizer increases the water absorption capacity of the soil.
Using potash fertilizer protects the crop from disease, but using biofertilizer increases the number of beneficial organisms in the soil.
Subsidies on fertilizer encourage the use of chemical fertilizer, but ignore the use of organic fertilizer.
The right time to use fertilizer is as important for chemical fertilizer as it is even more important for compost fertilizer.
Using compost fertilizer is much more beneficial for the soil than using excessive fertilizer.
Using chemical fertilizer reduces soil fertility, but using organic fertilizer revitalizes the soil.
Although chemical fertilizer is easily available, using organic fertilizer improves the soil structure.
Although using chemical fertilizer immediately increases production, using compost fertilizer makes the soil health sustainable.
Using urea fertilizer makes the leaves green, but using organic fertilizer strengthens the roots.
Using DAP fertilizer makes the plant grow faster, but using compost fertilizer increases the soil's water absorption capacity.
Using potash fertilizer makes the fruit sweet, but using biofertilizer maintains the balance of nutrients in the soil.
Subsidies on fertilizer encourage the use of chemical fertilizer, but do not encourage the use of organic fertilizer.
The right time to use fertilizer is as important for chemical fertilizer as it is even more important for compost fertilizer because it nourishes the soil.
Using compost fertilizer is much more beneficial for the soil than using excessive fertilizer because it improves the soil structure.
Even if there is some reduction in production when using organic fertilizer compared to chemical fertilizer, the soil health remains good.
Although it is troublesome to prepare compost fertilizer, it is more environmentally friendly compared to chemical fertilizer.
Although the use of urea fertilizer shows immediate greenery, in the long run it makes the soil dependent on chemical fertilizer, rather compost fertilizer is better.
Although the use of DAP fertilizer makes the crop grow faster, it affects the natural quality of the soil, organic fertilizer is comparatively better.
Although the use of potash fertilizer increases the size of the fruit, the use of biofertilizer benefits the soil microorganisms, which is very important.
Farmers do not seem so interested in using organic fertilizer because the government only subsidizes chemical fertilizer.
Using compost fertilizer compared to chemical fertilizer increases the crop's disease resistance.
Using chemical fertilizer reduces soil fertility, but using organic fertilizer revitalizes the soil, which is comparatively much better.
Even though chemical fertilizer is easily available, using organic fertilizer improves the soil structure and is comparatively sustainable.
Even though chemical fertilizer increases immediate production, using compost manure makes the soil health sustainable, which is essential for farmers.
When using biofertilizer compared to chemical fertilizer, essential microorganisms are added to the soil.
Using compost manure instead of chemical fertilizer during the planting season increases soil fertility and also improves production.
Since the price of chemical fertilizer has increased this year, using compost manure can be beneficial for farmers.
Using chemical fertilizer has a negative impact on the environment, but using organic fertilizer helps in environmental protection.
In this hilly region, there is a high demand for DAP fertilizer, but there is a problem because the supply is very low.
To reduce the use of chemical fertilizers, we are providing training to farmers on how to make compost manure.
Excessive use of urea fertilizer has been decreasing the soil fertility.
It seems that the demand for potash fertilizer for wheat will increase this Rabi season.
As a seed seller, I am happy to be able to provide fertilizer to the farmers on time.
Now farmers have started using organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
It is difficult to get good production in crops if fertilizer is not used at the right time.
The use of tractors has been very effective for transporting fertilizer in hilly areas.
It is important to explain that excessive fertilizer use has a negative impact on the environment.
Farmers are worried because the price of DAP fertilizer has increased this year.
We must teach farmers the correct way to use fertilizer.
Problems have arisen because farmers have not been able to properly manage fertilizer.
The use of biofertilizers should be encouraged as an alternative to chemical fertilizers.
Farmers understand that using fertilizer on schedule increases production.
The fertilizer shortage in this area has affected farmers doing commercial farming.
We haven't been able to make farmers understand the importance of compost fertilizer.
Farmers are forced to buy expensive fertilizer because they don't get subsidized fertilizer on time.
When using chemical fertilizer, you have to pay attention to the soil's health.
It's necessary to give farmers information about using urea fertilizer.
There's a lot of demand for potash fertilizer for potatoes this year.
We need to tell farmers about the benefits of biofertilizers.
We need to give training on how to increase production by using fertilizer at the right time.
Due to the fertilizer shortage, some farmers are thinking of not farming at all this year.
Farmers are having problems because the fertilizer subsidy process is complicated.
Farmers should be encouraged to use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
Many farmers are unaware about fertilizer use during rice planting.
Farmers don't know that excessive use of fertilizer reduces soil fertility.
It's necessary to manage the DAP fertilizer distribution system in this area.
We need to make farmers aware about the importance and use of fertilizer.
Farmers need to be trained on fertilizer management.
Using biofertilizers reduces the need for chemical fertilizers.
Crops thrive when fertilizer is used according to schedule.
Sales have decreased this year because the price of chemical fertilizer has increased.
We should teach farmers how to use fertilizer.
Farmers should be encouraged to make compost fertilizer.
The fertilizer subsidy system should be made effective.
To reduce chemical fertilizer use, we should use organic fertilizer.
Farmers should be informed about the use of urea fertilizer.
Information about the use of potash fertilizer for potatoes should be given.
Farmers should be informed about the benefits of biofertilizers.
Production should be increased by using fertilizer at the right time.
Farmers have stopped farming due to the lack of fertilizer.
Necessary materials for making compost fertilizer should be provided.
The process of fertilizer subsidy should be simplified.
They should be motivated to use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
Information should be given about the use of fertilizer when planting rice.
It should be informed that excessive use of fertilizer reduces soil fertility.
The distribution system of DAP fertilizer in this area should be organized.
It's hard to explain the importance of improved seeds to women, they prefer the old ways.
The demand for hybrid seeds is increasing in cooperatives, but quality should be considered.
It is better to treat wheat seeds before planting for the winter season.
If you are looking for local seeds, I can help.
It seems that farmers should be subsidized for improved seeds this year.
If there's no proper seed storage in the cooperative, there might be problems.
We have to sell only certified seeds to the farmers, otherwise, trust will break.
Many people ask, when is the right time to plant this hybrid seed?
This year, we need to prioritize women's groups in seed distribution.
We need to make it clear to farmers that using improved seeds increases production.
Looks like we need to send the seeds to the lab to check the quality.
We need to explain that even though hybrid seeds are expensive, they give a lot of yield.
There's a lot of demand for mustard seeds for this Rabi season.
If you don't treat the seeds, the plants are likely to die when they're small.
Looks like we need to give seed selection training to women farmers.
We must save local seeds from disappearing.
Farmers contact the cooperative for certified seeds.
We need to stop those who spread misinformation about hybrid seeds.
The lack of quality seeds has affected production.
There are many things to consider when storing seeds.
This year, the sales of improved rice seeds weren't good.
We need to provide farmers with the necessary materials for seed treatment.
Women need to be informed about the use of hybrid seeds.
Local seeds still have importance in the villages.
I advise farmers to plant only certified seeds.
Farmers are worried as hybrid seed prices increase.
Looks like potato seed demand will increase this winter.
A lot of loss happens when seed storage isn't taken care of.
Many have earned good income using improved seeds.
Farmers should be encouraged for seed treatment.
Hybrid seed demonstration programs should be held targeting women farmers.
There's worry about how to preserve local seeds.
The process to apply for certified seeds should be easy.
When planting hybrid seeds, the amount of fertilizer should also be adjusted.
There is a lot of demand for corn seed this kharif season.
The place to store seeds should be cool and dry.
The availability of improved seeds should be ensured.
Training should be organized to teach how to treat seeds.
Hybrid seeds chosen by women should be made available.
Initiatives should be taken to increase the production of local seeds.
The distribution system of certified seeds should be organized.
It should be understood whether the use of hybrid seeds affects soil fertility.
Looks like there will be a shortage of paddy seeds this planting season.
Seeds should be protected from pests when storing.
Farmers should be informed about improved seeds.
The medicine needed for seed treatment is available at the cooperative.
Women farmers should be helped in seed selection.
Information about the importance of local seeds should be given.
The demand for certified seeds is increasing, but the supply is low.
Farmers are happy that production has increased from the use of hybrid seeds.
It's really hard to find improved seeds in this hilly area, where should I go to look?
There are many who cheat in the name of hybrid seeds, who to trust?
Local seeds are about to disappear, who will protect them?
There is a body to check the quality of seeds, but it doesn't seem to be working.
When I planted without treating the seeds, the plants didn't even sprout, what to do now?
Couldn't get certified seeds this year either, is it always like this?
There was a lot of loss due to not having a proper way to store seeds.
The monsoon has started, but good seeds have not been found yet.
I'm tired of searching for seeds for the Kharif season, couldn't find them anywhere.
Worry about seeds has started as it's time to harvest the crop, where to get them from?
There is a compulsion to search for improved seeds for the Rabi season from now.
Even using growth hormones didn't make much difference because the soil wasn't fertile.
Even using plastic mulch, the production was not as expected.
It was very difficult to plow the field because I didn't know how to operate the power tiller.
Even when using pesticides, the insects didn't die, instead the crop was destroyed.
Even after planting improved seeds, the yield didn't increase, what to do now?
Hybrid seeds are so expensive, I couldn't buy them, is there anywhere I can get them cheap?
It's hard to find local seeds too, they seem to be disappearing.
The yield decreased this year because the seed quality wasn't good.
Even after treating the seeds, the crops were destroyed by disease, what to do?
They tricked me with certified seeds, they didn't sprout, who will compensate me now?
I don't have a place to store seeds, so I'm forced to leave them in the field.
The monsoon washed away the seeds I planted, how do I farm now?
I suffered a lot not getting seeds during the Kharif season, they should be available on time.
Seed problems bothered me during harvest time, there should be a seed bank.
I'm worried about what to do if I don't get seeds now for the Rabi season.
I couldn't use growth hormones because I didn't know about them, there should be training.
Mulch controlled the weeds, but the yield wasn't as expected.
It's hard to rent a power tiller, and I can't afford to buy my own.
The pesticide isn't working, it's very hard to kill the insects, I need a new pesticide.
I don't have much information about improved seeds, how should I plant them?
I heard that planting hybrid seeds reduces the soil fertility, is this true?
I'm worried about local seeds disappearing, who will protect them?
There's no seed quality testing lab in the village, I have to go to the district headquarters.
The seed treatment method is complicated, they should teach an easier way.
Certified seed is too expensive, how can poor farmers buy it?
We've suffered a lot of losses because there's no safe place to store seeds.
I was late planting seeds in the monsoon, now I'm worried the yield will decrease.
I couldn't get seeds during the Kharif season and had to leave the field empty, what to do?
Due to the lack of seeds during harvest time, I couldn't prepare for the next season.
I don't feel like farming when I don't get seeds on time for the Rabi season.
Many farmers are suffering because they don't know about using growth hormones.
I'm disappointed that I didn't get the expected yield even after using mulch.
The crop was delayed because I couldn't plow the field on time due to the lack of a power tiller.
Even though I know that using pesticides affects the environment, I'm forced to use them.
The government's subsidy for improved seeds is always late.
I've heard that hybrid seeds damage the soil, is this true?
By neglecting local seeds, their existence is threatened.
Farmers are being cheated because the seed quality testing agency doesn't work on time.
Many farmers have suffered losses because they don't have the knowledge to treat seeds.
Special attention should be paid to protect fruit plants from the cold in the winter season.
I have experienced that mixed farming helps to increase soil fertility.
The use of compost fertilizer can reduce the need for chemical fertilizers in the field.
The use of irrigation tools should be increased for proper water management.
Income can be increased by planting fruit trees and doing shade farming.
I've planted different kinds of trees in my field with the aim of carbon sequestration.
Local varieties of fruit plants are able to cope with climate change.
I have planted improved varieties of grass plants for fodder.
Because it rained a lot this monsoon, the fruit plants have thrived.
You can earn good income from timber trees, but you have to wait many years for it.
It's not easy to run a power tiller in a fruit orchard, but it makes the work faster.
How safe is it to use growth hormones to increase fruit production?
It is necessary to get the soil tested when planting fruit plants in the field.
Organic pesticides should be used to protect fruit plants from insects in winter.
Growing fruits and other crops in the same place maximizes land use.
Afforestation programs should be run in community forests to sequester carbon.
To get good fruit production, it should be fertilized from time to time.
Fodder cultivation has helped a lot in animal husbandry.
Fruit plants should not be planted in places where water accumulates during the monsoon.
When planting fruit plants, varieties should be selected according to the local climate.
You can invest for the future by planting timber trees.
The use of irrigation tools in fruit farming saves water.
Local resources can be used to make compost fertilizer.
Fruit plants should be monitored regularly to protect them from disease.
I have planned to do mixed farming of winter potatoes and fruits this year.
Which species is good for carbon storage when planting fruit plants?
To increase the production of Napier grass, you should fertilize it from time to time.
During monsoon, there's a high chance of fruit plants getting diseases due to heavy rain.
How to manage sunlight when planting timber trees in a fruit orchard?
Using a power tiller in fruit farming saves time and labor.
How does using growth hormones affect fruit production?
You need to fence fruit plants to protect them from wild animals.
In winter, you should cover fruit plants with plastic to protect them from the cold.
There is a possibility of increasing income by doing mixed farming of fruits and vegetables.
We should start a campaign to plant fruit plants for carbon storage.
Napier grass farming helps to increase soil fertility.
During monsoon, fruit plants should be protected from getting waterlogged.
To increase fruit production, emphasis should be placed on the use of organic fertilizer.
It is better to buy timber tree plants from a nursery.
Using irrigation tools in a fruit orchard makes good use of water.
To make compost fertilizer, you can use animal manure and leaf litter.
To protect fruit plants from insects, organic pesticides should be used.
I have planned to do mixed farming of winter wheat and fruits this year.
How much distance should be kept for carbon storage when planting fruit plants?
To increase the production of Napier grass, it should be cut from time to time.
In monsoon, fruit plants should be protected from storms.
Planting timber trees in fruit orchards increases soil fertility.
Using a power tiller in fruit farming makes work faster.
Does using growth hormones to increase fruit production affect the plants?
Fruit plants should be planted in shady places to protect them from the sun.
If there isn't cold storage in Terai now, a lot of the vegetables produced by farmers will go to waste.
The problem of insects in grains increases if storage is not taken care of, what to do about it?
As youths migrate abroad, it's becoming difficult to find people with knowledge of food preservation in the village.
Farmers need to understand that good prices are obtained only when packaging is done after grading.
I'm worried about how to dry rice in the rainy season, can I get a loan to buy a drying machine?
Post-harvest loss is increasing a lot due to lack of proper storage arrangements.
Storing grains in a dry place reduces the risk of storage pests.
Farmers would get a lot of relief if there were modern warehouse facilities.
Most farmers send goods directly to the market without grading, so they get low prices.
How safe is it to cover grains with plastic tarps to protect them during the rainy season?
Potatoes have started to rot in the field due to lack of cold storage, what to do now?
Goods won't sell in the market if the packaging isn't good, so please pay attention.
Please give me information about modern grain drying machines.
Is there a grant from the agriculture office for a grading machine?
Many farmers are in trouble due to the lack of proper warehouses for storage.
Before using pesticides for insect control, consult with an agricultural technician once.
What kind of training does the government provide for food preservation?
Even though the rice production is good this year, the worry of storage is bothering me.
How much land is needed to build a cold storage and how much does it cost?
Even after knowing that grading and selling gets a better price, why don't farmers care?
Can we take a loan from the bank to build a warehouse?
What measures can be taken to reduce post-harvest loss?
What are some home remedies to protect grains from storage pests?
Has any new technology come for food preservation?
It was very difficult to dry the grains this year because there was a lot of rain.
How long can vegetables be stored in cold storage?
What things should be considered while packaging?
Where can I find a grain drying machine and how much does it cost?
Where do they give grading training?
What kind of place is suitable for building a warehouse?
How are farmers affected by post-harvest loss?
What kind of damage do storage pests cause to grains?
How important is food preservation?
The rice got moldy this year because of too much rain, what to do now?
Does the taste of vegetables change when stored in cold storage?
Where can I find good plastic for packaging?
How easy is it to operate a grain drying machine?
What kind of grain is considered good during grading?
What are the government rules for building a warehouse?
What should farmers do to avoid post-harvest loss?
Can organic pesticides be used to protect grain from storage pests?
How much budget has the government allocated for food preservation?
The rice production has decreased this year, what could be the reason?
What temperature should potatoes be kept at when storing in cold storage?
What should be done to ensure that packaging does not harm the environment?
How much electricity is needed for a grain drying machine?
How much does it cost to take training for grading?
Do we need to get the map approved to build a warehouse?
We should probably have a program in the village to inform farmers about post-harvest loss.
The agricultural infrastructure development program brought by the government for cooperatives is more farmer-oriented than the private sector.
The problem of delays in land reform programs like in the past is no longer there in cooperatives, work is done quickly.
The subsidy given to small farmers in the crop insurance scheme should be different from that given to large farmers.
The loan facility provided by cooperatives is much safer and more reliable than the village moneylender.
This year, production has increased due to the use of improved seeds, which is much better than before.
Agricultural extension service is now easier to get through cooperatives than before.
The program that the cooperative brought to attract youth to agriculture seems more effective than other government programs.
The subsidy that the cooperative gives for fertilizer should be cheaper than the market price.
The impact of climate change on agriculture is increasing now compared to before.
The agricultural tool distribution program run by the cooperative is much more affordable than buying individually.
Because of the cooperative's loan facility, it has become easier for farmers to buy power tillers to plow the fields, which was very difficult before.
The help that the cooperative provides during the harvest season is more important than at other times.
The training program organized by the cooperative is more useful than the knowledge read in books.
The new import-export policy brought by the cooperative has benefited farmers more than before.
The agricultural information center built by the cooperative is as useful as mobile banking for the village farmers.
This year, paddy production has been good compared to last year because the cooperative provided loans on time.
The new credit facility brought by the cooperative is much simpler and farmer-oriented than before.
When the government distributes agricultural subsidies through cooperatives, there is less chance of middlemen taking a cut.
This agricultural program started with the initiative of the cooperative seems to be more successful than other programs.
The crop insurance scheme brought by the cooperative has provided great relief to the farmers, which was not there before.
The cooperative has planned to distribute improved seeds, which are better than other seeds.
The agricultural extension service operated by the cooperative has reached village to village, which was previously limited to the district headquarters.
The interest rate on agricultural loans provided by the cooperative should be lower than that of the bank.
The price of agricultural materials provided by the cooperative to the farmers should be cheaper than the market price.
The agricultural infrastructure development plan brought by the cooperative will prove to be a milestone for the development of the village, which was difficult to even imagine before.
Potato production is expected to be higher this year than last year because the cooperative provided fertilizer on time.
The agricultural insurance program started by the cooperative has saved farmers from huge financial losses, which was unimaginable before.
The new land reform program brought by the cooperative seems more effective than the previous one.
The knowledge learned in the agricultural training organized by the cooperative is more important than a university degree.
The new agricultural technology brought by the cooperative is more beneficial than traditional farming.
This new agricultural program started by the cooperative seems to be more successful than other programs.
Because of the loan facility provided by the cooperative, it has become easier for farmers to buy tractors, which were very expensive before.
The import-export policy of agricultural products brought by the cooperative should be in the interest of the farmers, not just the traders.
The service provided by the cooperative to the farmers should be faster and more effective than that of the government office.
The agricultural extension service started by the cooperative has made it easier for farmers to learn new technologies, which was very difficult before.
The crop insurance scheme brought by the cooperative will provide great relief to the farmers if the crop is destroyed, which was unimaginable before.
This year, wheat seeds have been subsidized on the initiative of the cooperative, which was not given last year.
The rules made by the cooperative should be more farmer-oriented than the rules made by other organizations.
The new program brought by the cooperative should benefit small farmers more than large farmers.
The process of agricultural loans provided by the cooperative should be simpler than that of the bank, so that it is easier for the farmers.
This campaign started by the cooperative should be more effective than other campaigns.
The cooperative has encouraged the use of organic fertilizers instead of chemical fertilizers, which is very good for the environment.
The improved variety of seeds brought by the cooperative should be more productive than local seeds.
The way the cooperative trains farmers should be easier than the way others train.
The loan facility provided by the cooperative is a much better option for the poor farmers in the village than the loan from the moneylender.
The agricultural infrastructure development program brought by the cooperative is more important for the development of the village than the city.
The cooperative provided seeds to the farmers on time, so this year's corn production is expected to be higher than last year.
The crop insurance scheme brought by the cooperative helps farmers reduce losses from natural disasters, which wasn't there before.
The cooperative has prioritized the land improvement program, which is more important than other programs.
The knowledge I learned by participating in the agricultural training organized by the cooperative will be more useful than what I read in books.
Tractors seem more useful for women farmers compared to power tillers.
Drone spraying is faster and more effective than the traditional way of spraying pesticides.
Getting weather information from a mobile app is easier than finding out from the radio.
Compost manure is much better for the fields compared to chemical fertilizer.
There was a shortage of seeds for planting rice this year, but there was no such problem last year.
Organic farming is much safer and healthier compared to traditional farming.
Solar pumps are cheaper and more environmentally friendly compared to diesel pumps for pumping water.
Women find it easier to plant rice seedlings by hand than using a rice transplanter machine.
It is easier to operate a power tiller than a tractor in hilly areas.
Farmers have started using modern agricultural equipment now compared to before.
Greenhouse technology provides better protection to crops compared to plastic tunnels.
New irrigation systems save water compared to old irrigation systems.
It takes less time to plow the field with a tractor compared to a traditional plow.
The use of technology in agriculture has increased now, but it wasn't like this before.
Using a machine to sow rice seeds saves time compared to using hands.
A lot of information can be found by using mobile apps in agriculture, which was difficult before.
Weather forecast apps give farmers weather info, which wasn't easy before.
Using chemical fertilizer increases production right away, but compost fertilizer is better in the long run.
Improved seeds increase production compared to traditional seeds.
Getting a loan to buy a tractor is harder than buying a power tiller.
It's easier for women to operate a power tiller than to operate a tractor.
Farmers are starting to show more interest in agricultural insurance now compared to before.
Adopting precision farming technology is much more beneficial than farming in the traditional way.
It's better to irrigate with a solar pump than to rely on rainwater for planting crops.
A tractor is faster at plowing a large field than a power tiller.
Young people are attracted to agriculture now, but that wasn't the case before.
Using improved seeds increases production, which wasn't possible with local seeds.
Drip irrigation technology is more effective than traditional irrigation.
The price of chemical fertilizer has increased this year, it's more expensive than last year.
Precision farming helps increase production, which wasn't possible in traditional farming.
Mobile apps that provide weather information weren't available before, which are very useful now.
A power tiller works well for a small field, but you need a tractor for a large field.
Using a rice planting machine makes the work faster, it takes a lot of time when planting by hand.
Using organic fertilizer increases soil fertility compared to chemical fertilizer.
Because there has been less rainfall this year, rice production is likely to decrease compared to last year.
Traditional farming requires a lot of manpower, but using modern technology requires less manpower.
Now, many farmers use mobile apps for weather info, which before, they had to rely on the radio.
Power tiller maintenance costs less than a tractor.
Drone spraying makes it easy to spray pesticides, before it was very hard to spray by hand.
Now the use of greenhouse technology is increasing, before this technology was rarely used.
Using solar pumps has removed the problem of paying electricity bills, before it was very expensive.
It's easy to get soil test reports from mobile apps, before you had to go to the lab.
Improved seed varieties are more expensive than local seeds.
Tractors are faster for plowing fields, but plowing with oxen takes a lot of time.
Making compost fertilizer takes time, but chemical fertilizer can be used immediately.
The use of drone spraying can reduce pesticide use, in traditional methods a lot of pesticides were used.
When farming in greenhouse technology, the effect of the outside weather is less, in open fields the weather has a lot of effect.
Using solar pumps has made irrigation easier, before you had to draw water from the well for irrigation.
Getting agriculture related information using mobile apps is faster than getting information by reading books.
There have been complaints from farmers that they have problems because they have to go far to get fertile soil tested.
It became difficult to adopt crop rotation systems when the land was fragmented, and production decreased.
Farmers are complaining that the compost fertilizer training was not effective.
Not getting fertilizer on time even during the winter crop season caused a lot of damage.
Farmers complain that the acidity of the soil has increased, affecting production.
The problem of waterlogging in the fields is increasing soil erosion.
Farmers are hesitant to use green manure due to lack of sufficient information about its use.
Because of land fragmentation, it's hard to use irrigation equipment.
Didn't get good seeds on time for planting, so the production went down.
Too much chemical fertilizer is making the soil less fertile.
Soil testing costs too much, so farmers are bummed out.
Because there wasn't enough fertilizer, the land is becoming barren.
When the land is in small pieces, it's hard to put fertilizer.
Using more pesticides to control bugs in the crops.
Complaints that there's no good plan to stop the soil from degrading.
Because there was no irrigation, it was hard to plant winter crops.
Don't know how to make the soil better by using green manure.
More city development is making land fragmentation even worse.
It's hard to get the stuff you need to make compost fertilizer.
It was a problem because the soil test results weren't explained in easy language.
The problem of water staying in the field is making the soil less fertile.
It's hard to use crop rotation because the land size is small.
Complaints that the fertilizer subsidy from the government doesn't reach the real farmers.
Soil acidity testing kits aren't available in the village.
Soil degradation in the dry season made it hard to farm.
Using chemical fertilizer has a bad effect on the soil.
When the land is in small pieces, it's hard to use modern farming technology.
The plants are starting to dry up because it didn't rain during planting season.
There's no program to encourage farmers to improve soil health.
There's no one to teach us how to make compost fertilizer.
Land fragmentation is making it take too long to plant crops.
Couldn't find any info about using green manure to increase soil fertility.
The rice production will decrease this year because of the lack of chemical fertilizer.
It's a problem because soil testing takes too long.
It's also become difficult to raise livestock because the land is fragmented.
Couldn't plant winter crops because of the lack of water.
The tree planting program wasn't effective in preventing soil erosion.
The use of pesticides has affected the soil's biodiversity.
We were forced to use chemical fertilizer because we didn't know about using compost fertilizer.
Land fragmentation has made it difficult to mechanize agriculture.
There was a problem because there wasn't enough water even in the winter season.
The crops didn't thrive because the soil's acidity increased.
The use of chemical fertilizer has degraded the soil quality.
It's become difficult to get to the fields because the land is fragmented.
It costs too much to get to the lab to get the soil health checked.
Couldn't buy the equipment used for irrigation because it's expensive.
No information has been provided by government agencies about the use of green manure.
They didn't organize compost fertilizer making training in the village.
There's no program to encourage farmers to stop soil degradation.
Because there's no program to encourage crop rotation, there's a problem.
Packaging should be done well to protect grains from storage insects.
Proper use of cold storage helps in food preservation.
Quality can be maintained if grains are stored in the warehouse only after grading.
Grains can be stored for a long time by using drying methods.
The warehouse should be disinfected before storing grains in it.
The use of modern storage technology is necessary for food preservation.
There is a need to train farmers in grading and packaging.
There is no alternative to proper packaging to reduce storage losses.
Scientific storage of grains is necessary for food security.
The possibility of mold growth is reduced when grains are stored after drying.
Many vegetables are being wasted due to lack of cold storage.
Organic pesticides should be used to avoid insect infestation in storage.
Grains should be stored only after proper grading.
Good packaging protects the product from damage during transportation.
The use of neem leaves is effective in controlling insects in storage.
Proper management of storage should be done for food preservation.
The nutritional value of grains remains intact when drying methods are used.
When packaging, you have to use airtight materials.
Before storing grains, you have to pay attention to cleaning the warehouse.
Using cold storage helps farmers get a fair price for their produce.
The product name and date should be clearly mentioned on the packaging.
The government should provide storage-related training for food preservation.
Establishing cold storage helps create local employment.
While drying, the grains should be turned regularly.
When grading, you have to remove the diseased grains.
When packaging, you have to use environmentally friendly materials.
For food preservation, proper storage temperature must be maintained.
Insulation should be used to reduce energy consumption in cold storage.
Information about the nutritional content of the product should be provided on the packaging.
When will the fertilizer subsidy come to this seed bank? It's always late.
Nobody here knows about the government's agriculture program, how would we know?
There's a lot of talk about the crop insurance scheme, but nobody says where to submit the documents.
Is this talk about building agricultural infrastructure just in speeches, or will it really happen?
It's very difficult for farmers like us to get loan facilities, we've tried a lot but nothing happened.
This year, the seeds were wasted because the water didn't come on time, who will give compensation?
No one comes to train us on how to use pesticides, how are we supposed to know?
Small farmers are not prioritized in the land reform program, only the big ones get it.
This seed bank never has improved seeds on time, always out of stock.
Can't sell crops at the support price set by the government, middlemen buy them cheap.
You have to be a leader's person to get agricultural subsidies, otherwise you won't get it.
Can't find fertilizer when it's time to plant, so how to farm?
The agricultural service center never runs soil testing camps, where do we go?
Nobody knows where to find the subsidy the government said they'd give on agricultural tools.
The import-export policy isn't farmer-friendly, it's only trader-friendly.
This year the drought dried up the crops, but nobody talks about giving compensation.
The Agricultural Development Bank hesitates to give loans to farmers, gives a lot of trouble.
This seed bank always has the same seeds, new varieties never come.
Where to go to get information about the agricultural programs the government announced, nobody tells.
This seed bank doesn't have compost fertilizer, they only sell chemical fertilizer.
Small farmers don't get the benefits of the Prime Minister's Agriculture Modernization Project.
This year insects ate the crops, but the agriculture office didn't help at all.
Nobody knows how to get the agricultural insurance benefits that the government said they'd give.
The price of seeds in this seed bank is very expensive, how can poor farmers buy them?
The subsidy money that the government said they'd give isn't available on time, it's always late.
This year the hail destroyed the crops, but nobody talked about giving compensation.
This seed bank doesn't have good quality seeds, it's always spoiled.
The government program to attract young people to agriculture isn't effective.
The agriculture loan that the government is supposed to give has a complicated process, it's not easy.
We couldn't plant rice this year because it didn't rain, who will give relief?
Farmers are not given enough information about pesticide use, which causes many problems.
The government hasn't paid attention to agricultural infrastructure development, which has prevented production from increasing.
The brokers eat the agricultural subsidies that the government is supposed to give, the farmers don't get it.
The quality of seeds in this seed bank is not good, the seeds don't germinate.
The agricultural insurance money that the government is supposed to give is not received on time, you have to run around a lot.
The flood destroyed the crops this year, but the government didn't provide any help.
Farmers are not trained on the use of modern technology in agriculture, which has prevented production from increasing.
You have to bribe to get the agricultural loan that the government is supposed to give, otherwise you won't get it.
The government program to encourage young people to invest in agriculture is not effective.
The agricultural subsidies that the government is supposed to give are eaten by the leader's cadres, the farmers don't get it.
The government program to promote mechanization in agriculture is not effective.
You need a lot of documents to get the agricultural loan that the government is supposed to give, it's not easy.
The agricultural subsidies that the government is supposed to give are not received on time, you have to run around a lot.
The government program to reduce the impact of climate change on agriculture is not effective.
You have to suffer a lot to get the agricultural loan that the government is supposed to give, it's not easy.
This year, I'm thinking of planting potatoes using improved seeds.
The demand for hybrid seeds is increasing in the local market.
I learned how to process seeds before planting rice seeds.
If the seed quality is good, then hopefully the production will also increase.
I went to the cooperative to buy corn seeds for the Kharif season.
This year, some seeds were wasted because I didn't have a good system to store them.
The government is encouraging the use of certified seeds.
I'm thinking of planting and testing local seeds this year.
I've heard that you should soak the seeds for a while before planting rice.
Even though hybrid seeds increase production, do they affect the soil's fertility?
I've applied to the agriculture office to check the seed quality.
I don't really know how to treat seeds, I should ask someone.
This year I have improved wheat seeds, the production should be good.
The price of seeds has increased a lot in the local market.
What are the things to consider when storing seeds?
This time I'm thinking of using hybrid corn seeds to get a lot of production.
The government should subsidize certified seeds for farmers.
For good production, you have to pay attention to the quality of the seeds.
After treating the seeds, the chances of getting diseases are reduced.
Local seeds are easily available, but you have to search for hybrid seeds.
This year, I'm planning to plant improved rice seeds.
The availability of seeds is low in the local market, so I have to go far.
The crops will only thrive if the seed quality is good.
I want to go to training to learn how to treat seeds.
Using certified seeds has a high chance of increasing production.
When planting local seeds, you have to use a lot of fertilizer.
The place to store seeds should be clean and dry.
Looks like I have to take a loan to buy improved seeds.
I was tempted after seeing the advertisement for hybrid seeds in the market.
If the seed quality is not good, the crop will not be good.
I've heard that you should only plant seeds after treating them.
This year I'm thinking of using certified seeds.
I'm worried that local seeds are disappearing.
What might be an easy way to store seeds?
I'm looking for hybrid seeds for vegetables to plant in the Kharif season.
The government should arrange a system to check the quality of seeds.
This year I did a soil test before planting corn seeds.
I couldn't store the seeds I had properly.
Improved seeds have brought a lot of changes to the village.
This time the price of seeds has skyrocketed in the local market.
You shouldn't plant seeds without checking their quality.
What kind of medicine should be used when treating seeds?
The government should pay attention to the distribution of certified seeds.
It's our responsibility to preserve local seeds.
When storing seeds, protect them from moisture.
I took a loan from the cooperative to buy improved seeds.
Hybrid seeds are easily available in the market.
If the seed quality isn't good, production decreases.
This year, we're planning to plant rice after treating the seeds.
Start making compost fertilizer to increase the fertility of the soil that the flood has ruined.
Let's open a small soil testing lab together, young farmers.
Plant saplings immediately to prevent soil erosion in the landslide area.
Make compost fertilizer by using organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
Soil moisture can be conserved by mulching in the field.
Adopt crop rotation to increase soil fertility.
Increase the use of green manure to reduce the use of chemical fertilizers.
Manage fertilizer well to increase land productivity.
Consider the soil condition when selecting seeds for the Rabi season.
Pay special attention to soil conservation during the post-monsoon period.
Use fertilizer to protect the soil from the cold in winter.
Check the soil condition during the harvesting season and prepare for the next crop.
The use of pesticides has a negative impact on the soil, so reduce its use.
Get information about growth hormones needed for soil health.
Use fertilizer to give the soil necessary nutrients.
Pay attention to the soil structure when using a power tiller.
Go to the seed bank and choose seeds according to the soil type.
Use fertilizer according to the soil test report.
Make a kitchen garden to reduce soil erosion in the fields.
You can raise earthworms to make compost fertilizer.
Use natural materials instead of plastic for mulching in the field.
When adopting a crop rotation system, plant crops from different families.
Plant bean plants to make green manure.
Problems can arise if the land's fertility decreases, so pay attention in time.
Get the soil tested before planting wheat in the Rabi season.
Arrange drainage in places where a lot of water accumulates after the monsoon.
Water the soil from time to time in winter to prevent it from drying out.
Spread compost fertilizer in the field after harvesting the crop.
Use organic pesticides instead of chemical pesticides.
Take training to learn about the hormones needed for plant growth.
Ask about fertilizer when taking seeds from the seed bank.
Don't dig the soil too much when operating a power tiller.
Participate in agricultural training to learn how to make compost fertilizer.
Learn how to use lime to reduce soil acidity.
Let's arrange soil conservation training at the seed bank.
Let's use earthworm compost to increase soil fertility.
Let's use local resources when mulching in the field.
Let's make different types of seeds available in the seed bank for crop rotation.
Let's keep seeds of green manure plants in the seed bank.
Let's train farmers to prevent land degradation.
Let's manage the necessary seeds and fertilizers for the Rabi season.
Let's provide information on how to conserve soil in the post-monsoon season.
Let the seed bank help farmers to protect the soil in winter.
Let's encourage farmers to test the soil during harvesting.
Let's keep information about pesticide alternatives in the seed bank.
Let's have an informative program about the hormones needed for plant growth.
Let's provide information about the proper use of fertilizer in the seed bank.
Let's discuss the impact of power tiller use on the soil.
It is better to prioritize improved seeds because they produce more than local varieties.
This year, when choosing wheat seeds for the winter season, give more importance to disease-resistant seeds.
Seeds of crops grown using organic fertilizer are healthier than those grown using chemical fertilizer.
Seed treatment before planting makes the plant stronger, so it is much better than untreated seeds.
Instead of using local seeds to save money, it is better to use certified seeds, as it increases production.
Hybrid seeds give high yields, but unlike local seeds, you cannot save their seeds and plant them next year.
When testing seed quality, checking germination capacity is important, so plant tested seeds instead of using poor quality ones.
When you plant seeds in soil that used compost fertilizer, the plant grows better than using chemical fertilizer.
Treating seeds with organic methods instead of using pesticides is better for the environment.
In the current situation, it's hard to maintain quality because there's no proper place to store seeds.
You have to pay more attention when planting rice seeds in this pre-monsoon season than other times.
To make seed quality good, you should prioritize seeds you produced yourself over seeds bought from the market.
Improved seeds need more fertilizer than local seeds.
When preparing to plant corn seeds this spring, you have to do it differently than other times.
It's good to use seeds certified by the government because they have a quality guarantee.
Using compost fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer increases the seed's production capacity.
Testing seed quality in a lab is much more reliable than estimating at home.
Hybrid seeds are expensive, but they are beneficial because they produce more than local seeds.
If you don't store seeds well, there's a chance of insects, so storing them properly is important.
When choosing rice seeds this planting season, it's best to choose disease-resistant seeds.
Using organic methods for seed treatment instead of chemical pesticides is safer for the environment.
Improved seeds produce a lot, but they taste less good compared to local seeds.
You have to pay more attention when planting rice seeds in this pre-monsoon season than other times.
Due to lack of water this year, can we sell vegetables in the online market?
Due to lack of fertilizer this time, maybe we can bring seeds from the cooperative market and plant them?
Because of the water problem this Kharif season, will we even get a good price in the local market?
Without irrigation, will we even be able to get goods to the wholesale market this year?
Because of middlemen, would an online market be good for getting a fair price for our produce?
Since there's no water, what about selling directly this year?
With the water shortage this year, is it worth it to even bother with export documents?
Because of the water problem this year, will prices in the online market go down or up?
With the water problem this year, how much benefit can we get from cooperative farming?
With the seed shortage, can we even register in the online market?
Due to the compost fertilizer shortage, will demand in the local market increase or decrease this year?
Without irrigation equipment, how do we compete in the wholesale market this year?
Because we can't get chemical fertilizer, will we have to sell to middlemen this year?
Because of the water shortage, selling directly this year might be profitable, right?
Since there's no water this winter, where should we go to get export documents made?
Since there's no water this year, what will the prices be like in the online market?
Because of the water shortage, how is pricing determined in the cooperative market?
What is the price of seeds like in the online market this year?
Since there's no water this year, is compost fertilizer available in the local market or not?
Without irrigation, how do we buy equipment in the wholesale market?
Since we can't get chemical fertilizer this year, how do we avoid the middlemen?
Since there's no water this year, what do we need to do to sell directly?
Since there's no water this year, where do we get export documents made?
Where should I go to get training about online markets?
What do I need to do to sell goods in a cooperative market?
What's the way to find out the price in the local market?
Is there a subsidy for taking goods to the wholesale market?
What should be done so that middlemen don't manipulate the price?
What documents are needed to sell directly?
What do I need to do to become a member of a cooperative market?
How to set up a stall for my product in the local market?
How to determine the price of my product in the wholesale market?
Where can I find legal help to avoid middlemen?
How to reduce transportation costs when selling directly?
How to address customer complaints in the online market?
How to check the quality of goods in the cooperative market?
Do I have to pay tax to sell goods in the local market?
How to insure my product in the wholesale market?
Where to complain if the middleman gives a low price?
How to attract customers when selling directly?
Is it possible to apply online for export documents?
How to receive payment in the online market?
How to keep track of my product's accounting in the cooperative market?
How to brand your product in the local market?
How to store your product in the wholesale market?
How to reduce the commission given to middlemen?
What things should you consider to be successful in the online market?
Using compost fertilizer in the greenhouse improves plant growth.
I advise farmers to use fertilizer only after testing the soil.
Mulching in the greenhouse during winter can help maintain soil moisture.
Excessive use of chemical fertilizers increases land degradation.
Crop rotation increases the fertility of the greenhouse soil.
The materials needed to make compost in the greenhouse are available cheaply.
Soil health can be improved by using organic fertilizer.
Using green manure in the greenhouse reduces the need for chemical fertilizers.
There is no alternative to compost fertilizer to increase soil fertility.
Farmers should be encouraged to do organic farming to prevent land degradation.
Regular soil testing is necessary to maintain good soil health in the greenhouse.
Farmers should be trained on how to make compost fertilizer.
Weeds can be controlled by mulching in the greenhouse.
The use of lime is effective in reducing soil acidity.
Adopting a crop rotation system maintains the balance of nutrients in the soil.
Land degradation negatively affects production.
Compost fertilizer increases the water holding capacity of the soil.
The necessary equipment for soil testing is available here.
Mulching protects the soil from direct sunlight.
Excessive use of chemical fertilizers reduces soil fertility.
Crop rotation reduces the incidence of diseases and pests in the soil.
The use of green manure improves the physical structure of the soil.
The main reason for soil erosion is random tilling.
Compost fertilizer increases the number of microorganisms in the soil.
It is better to plant crops only after testing the soil.
Mulching controls the soil temperature.
The use of organic fertilizers should be encouraged to increase soil fertility.
Crop rotation does not allow nutrient deficiency in the soil.
Green manure provides the necessary organic matter to the soil.
Afforestation campaigns should be conducted to prevent soil erosion.
Compost fertilizer improves soil structure and promotes air circulation.
It is better to use fertilizer according to the soil test results.
Mulching maintains moisture on the soil surface.
I advise farmers to use compost fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
Crop rotation adds different types of nutrients to the soil.
Green manure naturally fertilizes the soil.
Production is decreasing because of land degradation.
Compost fertilizer increases the soil's water absorption capacity.
There's a modern lab here for soil testing.
Mulching protects the soil from drying out.
You can also do earthworm farming to make compost fertilizer.
Crop rotation reduces soil-borne disease infection.
Using green manure reduces dependence on chemical fertilizers.
Land degradation causes a big loss in agricultural production.
How will climate change affect timber tree production?
What are the benefits of mixed farming when planting fruit trees?
Could you please tell me what kind of fertilizer to use when planting in winter?
How does planting fodder trees for livestock increase soil fertility?
What should be done to protect timber trees from pests this Rabi season?
How can shade farming be done due to the increasing temperature?
What kind of timber trees are suitable for carbon sequestration?
Can a power tiller be used to make pits for planting fruit trees?
How to protect fodder trees using irrigation equipment?
How does the use of chemical fertilizers affect the growth of timber trees?
How to control diseases in fruit trees without using pesticides?
How do timber trees help reduce the impact of climate change?
In a mixed farming system, how do you manage the soil when planting fruit trees?
Can we get any subsidies from the government when planting grass trees?
How to take care of timber trees in the winter?
How much water do fruit trees need in the Rabi season?
How to protect grass trees in the pre-monsoon?
How to manage timber trees during harvesting?
How to control soil temperature when doing shade farming?
What types of timber trees are suitable for carbon sequestration?
Where can I get training to operate a power tiller?
What is the procedure for buying irrigation equipment?
How can the use of fertilizers and pesticides be reduced?
What kind of soil is suitable for planting fruit trees?
What kind of fertilizer should be used for timber trees?
What are the benefits of planting grass trees?
Which fruit trees are most affected by climate change?
Which trees can be planted together when doing mixed farming?
How to protect plants from the cold in winter?
What type of farming is good in the Rabi season?
How to protect plants in the pre-monsoon?
How to sell timber trees at the time of harvesting?
Which place is suitable for shade farming?
How many trees should be planted for carbon sequestration?
How does a power tiller work?
Where can I find irrigation equipment?
How much do fertilizers and pesticides cost?
Should I do a soil test when planting timber trees?
What kind of diseases affect fruit trees?
How to grow grass trees?
Have new diseases emerged due to climate change?
Does the government provide any support for mixed farming?
Which fruit trees are good to plant in winter?
What crops can be cultivated in the Rabi season?
What precautions should be taken during the pre-monsoon?
How much income is generated during harvest time?
What are the benefits of shade farming?
What kind of plan should be made for carbon sequestration?
How to save water when using irrigation equipment?
The cooperative could not ensure fair prices for farmers, considering the fluctuation in vegetable prices.
Farmers couldn't get fair prices for their produce due to middlemen in the local market.
The cooperative failed to provide fertilizer to farmers on time, even when there was a shortage of chemical fertilizer.
The cooperative had a big loss after the price of our product was very low in the wholesale market.
Planting was late this year because the cooperative didn't provide irrigation equipment on time.
Farmers are forced to sell their products cheaply because there's no direct sales system.
Many farmers had to use poor quality seeds because the cooperative didn't manage the seeds well.
Farmers in the village are having trouble selling their products because there's no online market system.
The cooperative couldn't provide loans to farmers on time even during the monsoon season.
The cooperative couldn't do as much business as it thought because the export document process is complicated.
The pest infestation increased in the crops because the cooperative didn't provide pesticides on time.
Farmers couldn't get improved seeds on time this year because of the cooperative's negligence.
The cooperative didn't consider the farmers' costs when setting prices in the local market.
The cooperative couldn't properly arrange transportation to get the products to the wholesale market.
The cooperative couldn't inform the farmers about price fluctuations.
The cooperative couldn't make as much progress as it thought because of the middlemen; the farmers were affected.
It was a problem because the cooperative couldn't create a proper platform for direct sales.
Many farmers had a hard time because the cooperative didn't provide training for the online market.
There was a problem because there wasn't enough information about the export document process.
The cooperative couldn't produce quality products that could compete in the local market.
There have been complaints that the cooperative hasn't been able to provide farmers with improved seeds.
Production decreased because the cooperative couldn't manage fertilizer on time for the monsoon season.
The cooperative didn't take initiative to get a fair price for our product in the wholesale market.
The cooperative didn't bring any plans to stop the price fluctuations.
The cooperative didn't take effective steps to discourage middlemen.
The cooperative didn't build the necessary infrastructure for direct sales.
There's a complaint that the cooperative didn't help sell goods in the online market.
It was a problem when the cooperative didn't help make export documents.
The cooperative didn't prioritize farmers in the local market.
It was a loss when the cooperative didn't give information about the wholesale market on time.
The cooperative didn't care to inform farmers about price fluctuations.
The cooperative's objective couldn't be fulfilled because of the middlemen.
The cooperative didn't encourage farmers for direct sales.
The cooperative had problems because they didn't have information about the online market.
The cooperative didn't take initiative to simplify the export document process.
The cooperative couldn't establish its identity in the local market.
It was a problem because the cooperative's access to the wholesale market was weak.
The cooperative didn't adopt any measures to control price fluctuations.
The cooperative couldn't work well because of the middlemen.
There's a complaint that the cooperative didn't take any initiative for direct sales.
Farmers didn't benefit because the cooperative's presence in the online market was weak.
The cooperative has problems because they don't have information about export documents.
The cooperative didn't promote its products in the local market.
The cooperative couldn't compete in the wholesale market.
The cooperative didn't take any steps to stop price fluctuations.
Middlemen are hindering the progress of the cooperative.
The cooperative didn't arrange anything for direct sales.
Farmers are having a hard time because the cooperative isn't present in the online market.
The cooperative is having problems because the export documentation process is complicated.
The cooperative didn't help sell their products in the local market.
Does this seed bank have a system for training on improved seeds and a mobile app that gives weather information?
Being a veterinarian, I advise farmers to adopt greenhouse technology.
Many young people here have left farming and gone abroad, how to increase production if we don't adopt modern technology like drone spraying?
Does this seed bank help with applying for power tiller subsidies?
The monsoon didn't arrive on time this year, so it's late to plant rice, what to do now?
Does this seed bank also arrange loans for farmers to buy fertilizer and seeds?
It's important to make farmers understand that there are many benefits to farming using a weather forecast app.
Using pesticides has a negative effect on the soil, so compost fertilizer should be used.
If there was a solar pump system for irrigation in this area, it would be very easy for the farmers.
Where should I go to get training to operate a power tiller, does this seed bank arrange anything?
Good income can be earned by growing off-season vegetables using greenhouse technology.
Farmers should be encouraged to use apps that provide weather information.
What can be done to increase rice production in the current Kharif season?
I heard you get good quality seeds here, but the price is a bit expensive.
Does this seed bank teach farmers how to make compost fertilizer?
The government should provide grants to bring new technology into agriculture.
It's a problem when there's no place nearby to repair the power tiller.
It's time to plant rice now, but there's a problem because of the lack of water.
How much does it cost to install greenhouse technology, and how much benefit do you get from it?
Does this seed bank teach farmers how to use modern agricultural equipment?
Many farmers have lost their crops because they don't get weather forecast information.
By farming using modern technology, young people can also be attracted.
Does this seed bank provide any assistance for installing solar pumps?
If drone spraying services were available in the village, farmers would get a lot of relief.
Farmers need to be trained to adopt precision farming systems.
Do you get good quality paddy seeds for the Kharif season here?
This seed bank should arrange to provide agricultural information through a mobile app.
Production has increased due to greenhouse technology, but the investment is also very high.
It would be much easier if I could install a solar pump to irrigate the field.
I got good results when I farmed according to the information shown on the weather app.
Do you have a pilot available here for drone spraying?
There are very few people in the village who know how to operate a power tiller.
The price of fertilizer and seeds here is cheaper than in other places.
It would be great if I could get training on how to make compost fertilizer.
Has this seed bank published a booklet with info about improved seeds?
The government should give subsidies to farmers to buy power tillers.
I've seen that you can earn a lot by farming vegetables using greenhouse technology.
I found out you can test soil with a mobile app, now I need to get my field's soil tested.
Does this seed bank provide weather forecast services?
I've heard that precision farming reduces costs and increases production.
How much subsidy does the government give to install a solar pump?
How much does it cost for drone spraying?
It seems like it's very easy to plow the field with a power tiller.
When is the compost fertilizer making training here?
Do banks give loans to invest in greenhouse technology?
It was very helpful to plant crops after getting weather information from the mobile app.
Does this seed bank organize any programs to provide information about precision farming?
There is a possibility that rice production will decrease this year because there was less rain during the monsoon.
The quality is affected because it is difficult to transport yak milk to the chilling center.
Farmers are worried because the price of animal feed has increased.
Buffalo milk can be stored for longer than cow milk.
There is a lot of potential for sheep farming in this area.
Young people are attracted to investing in the poultry business.
There should be proper training for fish farming.
There's a good possibility of earning well from beekeeping.
If goat farming can be managed well, it helps in poverty reduction.
It's necessary to know about the diseases that affect pig farming.
Loan facilities are available for raising improved breeds of cows.
The climate here is suitable for yak farming.
Livestock insurance schemes have provided great relief to farmers.
The government should subsidize animal feed.
The demand for clothes made from sheep wool is increasing.
The price of chicken meat has increased.
Production has been affected because fish seeds are not available on time.
Many farmers have improved their living standards by selling bee honey.
Medicine for goats should be made available on time.
The pig pen should be kept clean.
Cows should be vaccinated to protect them from foot-and-mouth disease.
Yak dung can be used as fertilizer.
Submit the necessary documents for livestock insurance.
There is a shortage of animal feed in winter.
An industry to process sheep wool should be established.
The price of chicken feed has skyrocketed.
Government should help to promote fish farming business.
We should use modern technology for beekeeping.
It is necessary to bring new technology in goat farming.
Cows should have regular health checkups.
Dishes made from yak milk are popular.
Livestock insurance should be renewed on time.
Animals are more likely to get sick in pre-monsoon.
Pasture land should be managed for sheep.
You should know about the vitamins needed for chickens.
Water quality should be taken care of to keep fish healthy.
You should learn how to extract honey from a beehive.
Goat kids should be given special care.
Nutritious food should be arranged for pigs.
Artificial insemination should be done to improve the breed of cows.
Safe sheds should be managed for yaks.
Medicine management for livestock should be good.
Yaks should be kept in a warm place in winter.
Sheep should be vaccinated from time to time.
Chickens should be protected from various diseases.
New technology should be used to increase fish production.
Bees need to be protected from poison.
Goats need to be vaccinated and treated on time.
A proper environment needs to be prepared for pigs.
Cows need to have enough water.
Using chemical fertilizer randomly without soil testing reduces soil fertility, be careful.
If you use compost fertilizer without properly decomposing it, weeds can grow.
If the amount of DAP fertilizer is more than the soil needs, it will affect the plants.
Potash fertilizer dissolves in water and washes away easily, so it is better to give it in small amounts repeatedly.
Using chemical fertilizers can increase the acidity of the soil, so get your soil tested from time to time.
The quality of urea fertilizer decreases when kept in the open, so keep it in a safe place.
Chemical reactions can occur when DAP fertilizer is mixed with other fertilizers, so keep them separate.
Potash fertilizer is likely to clump when stored in a cool place, so store it in a ventilated place.
Do not touch chemical fertilizers with bare hands, it can cause skin allergies.
Do not mix plastic and other non-degradable materials when making compost fertilizer, it harms the soil.
When using urea fertilizer, use it only after checking the amount of nitrogen in the soil, it will affect the plant if it is too much.
When using DAP fertilizer, use it only after checking the amount of phosphorus in the soil, it will affect the plant if it is too much.
When using potash fertilizer, use it only after checking the amount of potassium in the soil, it will affect the plant if it is too much.
Compost fertilizer can smell when it is being made, so make it away from the settlement.
The use of chemical fertilizers can increase harmful elements in the soil, so use only in balanced amounts.
Wear a mask and gloves for safety when using chemical fertilizers, it can affect your health.
When making compost, don't put too much water, it takes longer to decompose.
If you dissolve urea fertilizer in water and use it, it can burn the leaves, so use it in a way that it doesn't touch the leaves.
If you use DAP fertilizer without mixing it well into the soil, it can affect the roots.
Mixing potash fertilizer with other fertilizers can negatively affect the plant.
Before using compost fertilizer in the field, sift it well, there might be stones and weeds.
Keep chemical fertilizers away from children, it can be dangerous.
Spraying chemical fertilizer mixed with water can burn the leaves.
When using compost fertilizer in the field, mix it well with the soil, otherwise it might stink.
If you store urea fertilizer for a long time, it can become lumpy, so use it in time.
If you store DAP fertilizer in an open place, its quality can decrease, so keep it in a safe place.
Using fertilizer taken from the seed bank in the field without testing the soil can cause even more damage.
If you only use river water directly without collecting rainwater, there may be a water shortage.
Putting too much canal water in the field can increase the acidity of the soil, okay?
In the spring season, as the water level decreases, when pumping water, you may have to pump from very deep, the motor might explode.
If insects damage the drip irrigation pipe and make holes, water will leak and the plant may not get enough water.
Using only chemical fertilizer instead of compost fertilizer during planting can reduce the fertility of the soil.
Due to the lack of water, it seems like we won't be able to plant rice on time this year, we should also think about alternative crops.
If irrigation is not repaired on time, the canal may collapse and water may not reach the field.
Excessive use of water has reduced the groundwater level, so there may be a severe water shortage in the future.
Since there is a risk of water sources drying up in the Rabi season, attention should be paid to water management from now on.
If you run water without filtering in a drip irrigation system, the pipes can get clogged and cause problems.
It might be hard to use modern irrigation because the land is fragmented, but we have to try.
If we can't collect water during the rainy season, the crops are at risk of drying out later.
If you use river water directly in the field, the chemicals in the water can affect the crops.
If you water randomly without making an irrigation schedule, the plants might rot.
There's high water demand in the spring season, so there might be disputes over water sharing.
If you don't take safety measures when using pesticides, it can seriously affect your health.
I'm scared that the field might remain barren this year because of the water problem.
If the water pressure is too high when drip irrigating, the pipeline can burst.
I feel sad seeing that it's difficult to irrigate because the land is divided into pieces.
If you don't test the soil before planting crops, you won't know what the soil lacks, and adding fertilizer might backfire.
If we don't build a water collection pond now, we'll regret it later due to water scarcity.
Someone might have put pesticides in the canal water, so use it only after checking it properly.
If the villagers don't help with irrigation repairs, the canal will collapse and affect everyone's fields.
After extracting too much groundwater and drying it up, there will be no option but to regret it later.
If water management isn't done well in the Rabi season, there's a risk of the crops drying out.
Neglecting the drip irrigation system can damage its pipeline.
Even though it's hard to work because the land is fragmented, we shouldn't lose hope.
If we don't collect rainwater, we might have to depend on others for water in the future.
If you irrigate with muddy river water, the soil fertility might decrease.
If you don't update the irrigation schedule regularly, the crops might not get enough water.
If you don't save water in the spring, you might have to face a drought.
If you don't measure pesticides correctly, it can negatively affect the environment.
If planting is delayed due to lack of water, production may decrease.
If you don't place drip irrigation pipes properly, the sun can damage them.
It can be difficult to do modern farming because the land is divided into pieces.
Wasting rainwater is like creating problems for yourself in the future.
If canal water doesn't come regularly, the crops are at risk of drying out.
Delaying irrigation repairs can cause major damage.
Excessive extraction of groundwater can cause the land to sink.
Relying on the sky for water in the Rabi season can be risky.
If you don't use the drip irrigation system properly, the investment can be wasted.
Because the land is fragmented, you might be deprived of using modern technology.
If you can't collect rainwater, you'll suffer a lot during a drought.
The river water might be poisoned, you have to be careful.
If you don't pay attention to the irrigation schedule, crop growth can be stunted.
If the water source dries up in the spring, there may be problems with livelihood.
If you are careless when using pesticides, you could even die.
If the crops dry up due to lack of water, it is difficult to support the family.
If you only use chemical fertilizers without using compost, the soil's natural quality may decrease.
These days it hasn't rained, so the corn is starting to dry up in the hills, what to do?
Many farmers are complaining that the wheat seeds weren't good this year, so production will decrease.
Cardamom prices have dropped, so the farmers in the hills are worried.
We were late planting rice because the government didn't provide chemical fertilizer on time.
The potatoes got a disease and we lost a lot, who should I tell?
This year, the orange trees didn't bear any fruit, what could be the reason?
Without transportation in the hills, it's hard to get vegetables to the market.
Because of climate change, water sources are drying up, making it difficult to farm.
Without winter rain, wheat production will be affected.
It's hard to find good quality rice seeds in the village.
There was a problem because the agricultural technicians didn't provide information about the crops on time.
This year, hail fell when the apples were about to ripen, and they all fell off.
We haven't received the grant that the government said they would give to farmers yet.
Due to landslides and floods in the hills, there is concern about fields being washed away and causing famine.
It's hard to farm because seeds are expensive.
Worms ate the beans I planted in the field, what to do now?
Wild animals are eating the crops in the hills and making life difficult.
The irrigation canal in the field is broken, so we haven't been able to plant rice.
This year, the lentil crop didn't grow well, I wonder what happened.
The paddy didn't sell even at the support price set by the government.
The production decreased because there was no system to supply fertilizer in the hills.
Is there any way to control the disease in cardamom farming?
Due to climate change, there was a lot of damage to vegetable farming.
Due to the drought, even the land where millet grows will remain barren.
This year, stem borers caused a lot of damage to the paddy plants.
Due to the lack of irrigation facilities in the hills, there is a compulsion to rely on rainwater.
Farmers should be informed about modern agricultural technology, but no one cares.
The oranges produced in the hills did not get a fair price.
This year's buckwheat production was not as expected.
The radishes planted in the field were destroyed by insects.
There is a problem in the hilly region due to the lack of grass for animal husbandry.
This year, the mustard greens were diseased and all were destroyed.
Honey produced in the hills is being wasted because it is not getting a market.
Unseasonal rains caused a lot of damage to vegetable crops.
There is a compulsion to keep land barren in the hills, it is difficult to get fertilizer.
This year's peanut production was not good, I wonder why?
Wheat was not sold even at the support price fixed by the government.
A fair price could not be obtained for the herbs produced in the hills.
Paddy production decreased due to lack of rain in the Kharif season.
Potato seeds were not available on time in the hills, so planting was delayed.
This year the barley production wasn't good.
I'm worried that local seeds are disappearing in the hills.
Due to the effects of climate change, traditional crops in the hills are in crisis.
After the millet production decreased this year, the concern for famine has increased.
The new disease in cardamom has discouraged the farmers.
Farmers are suffering because the beans produced in the hills are not getting market.
This year the pumpkin production wasn't good.
There is concern that the use of chemical fertilizers in the hills is decreasing the fertility of the soil.
During the dry season, there is a problem due to lack of water for vegetable farming in the hills.
This year, during rice planting, we had to keep looking at the sky because it didn't rain.
In this time after the earthquake, sheep farming is not as easy as before, the problem has increased due to lack of animal feed.
After the trade of cows and buffaloes declined in the local market, many have turned to goat farming.
This year, even the chicken farmers have suffered a lot of losses, the market price has decreased a lot.
After the earthquake destroyed them, many have not been able to rebuild fish ponds.
Now even those who raise pigs in the village have decreased, there is not as much income as before.
I heard that the government has brought some grant programs for beekeeping too!
Many farmers are disappointed because they didn't get a good price for sheep wool this year.
Yak farmers are in trouble because the price of animal feed has skyrocketed.
It has been difficult to protect livestock after the earthquake destroyed the sheds.
There is a shortage of fertilizer this season, how to farm!
The grant the government gave for tractors has really helped a lot of farmers.
After the earthquake damaged everything, many farmers even had to take loans to buy seeds.
It's hard to protect animals from insect infections during the rainy season.
There's a growing demand for improved breeds of cows in the local market.
After the earthquake, many are making a living by raising goats.
There's news that the government is bringing a program to provide training for fish farming.
This year, the price of animal feed has skyrocketed, so many farmers have had to sell their animals.
Even though this place is suitable for sheep farming, there's a problem because we can't find a good market.
It's necessary to bring an incentive program for buffalo farming in the village.
Farmers are worried after the price of chicken meat decreased in the local market.
We still haven't gotten a loan to rebuild the pigsty that the earthquake destroyed.
Even though this season is good for beekeeping, there's a lack of proper training.
The livestock insurance plan has given great relief to farmers.
It seems the government should bring a special program for yak farming.
After the earthquake caused damage, many farmers are looking for loans to start animal husbandry again.
There is a growing demand for cow's milk in the local market.
Many farmers are happy to have gotten a good price for goats this year.
The government should also give some subsidies for chicken farming.
The government should encourage farmers who do fish farming.
Many are making good income from pig farming.
This place is very suitable for beekeeping.
It's been easy to manage household expenses by selling sheep wool.
Many people are making a living by selling yak milk and ghee.
If the government subsidized animal feed, farmers would get a lot of relief.
Many farmers couldn't cultivate this year due to fertilizer shortages.
Farming has become much easier with the use of tractors.
Many farmers have had good yields by using improved seeds.
Many farmers have suffered losses due to crop infestation.
Turns out we should insure sheep farming; I found out after a lot of damage.
The price of cow's milk hasn't increased much this year either.
It would be easier for many if the government provided training for goat farming.
The poultry farming business seems to have a lot of risk.
It seems it costs a lot to build a fish farming pond.
A suitable environment is needed for pig farming.
Good income can be earned by producing honey from beekeeping.
Many goods can be made from sheep wool.
A lot of income can be earned in the Himalayan region by raising yaks.
Proper management of animal feed should be done.
The government should pay attention to fertilizer management.
Tractor repair costs seem to be very high.
After the earthquake, if we use green manure in this land, how do we know if the soil fertility increases or decreases?
Can we train farmers to make compost fertilizer, to improve soil health?
If we do soil testing this Rabi season, can we find out the soil pH level?
Where can I find the seeds for green manure, how do I find out?
Can we strengthen the soil weakened by the earthquake by mulching?
We can increase soil fertility by adopting crop rotation, but how to start?
What measures can be taken to prevent soil degradation?
How does the use of fertilizer affect soil health, how to know without testing?
What kind of results come when soil is tested in pre-monsoon, what benefits do farmers get?
What is the main reason for soil health deterioration, how can we improve it?
Does using irrigation equipment have any effect on soil health?
How effective is the use of green manure to increase soil fertility?
If compost fertilizer is used in the land damaged by the earthquake, will there be any improvement in the soil structure?
If the soil pH balance is disturbed, how does it affect crop production?
What precautions should farmers take to avoid soil degradation?
How can soil temperature and moisture be balanced when mulching?
In the crop rotation system, which crop is good for the soil after which crop?
What role should farmers play to reduce land degradation?
Where should soil testing be done to check soil health?
What is the difference in production when using green manure instead of chemical fertilizer?
What kind of compost fertilizer do you suggest for soil damaged by the earthquake?
What's the benefit of knowing the soil pH level, and how can farmers use this information?
Which plants are good to plant to prevent soil degradation?
What kind of materials can be used for mulching?
When using crop rotation, which crop benefits the soil the most?
What programs has the government introduced to prevent land degradation?
How much does it cost to test the soil, and what is the process?
What changes happen in the soil when using green manure, does it reduce the need for chemical fertilizer?
What is the method of making compost fertilizer, and where can I find the necessary materials for it?
What should be done to keep the soil pH level balanced, and what kind of fertilizer should be used?
How does soil degradation affect crop production, and how to reduce it?
How does mulching save water, and how does it protect the soil?
What are the benefits to farmers of adopting a crop rotation system, does it help increase income?
What plans has the local government introduced to prevent land degradation?
How to read the soil test report, and how to understand it?
What nutrients are added to the soil by using green manure, and for which crop is it suitable?
What changes occur in the soil when using compost fertilizer, and how does it help in crop development?
If you know that the soil pH level is bad, how long does it take to correct it, and what needs to be done for it?
What is the long-term solution to prevent soil degradation, does it require a large investment?
Which color of plastic is better to use when mulching, and what are its benefits?
In crop rotation, which crop gives nitrogen to the soil, and which crop takes nitrogen from the soil?
What can farmers collectively do to prevent land degradation?
According to the soil test results, which fertilizer is best to use, is there any training for this?
What kind of microorganisms grow in the soil when using green manure, and how does it keep the soil healthy?
What should be considered when making compost manure, and how to store it safely?
How to maintain good soil health in the spring season?
How to check soil health during the harvesting season?
What is the easiest way to measure the pH level of the soil?
When and how to mix green manure into the soil?
What support does the government provide to farmers to improve soil health?
If the compost manure is not well decomposed, there is a risk of disease in the crop, young farmers, please consider this.
If fertilizer is not applied to wheat on time, production may decrease, and you may not get a good price in the market.
If the seeds are not good when planting rice, you will regret it later.
When going to sell vegetables in the local market, don't rush to sell without knowing the price.
If disease appears in cardamom farming, don't use pesticides immediately, take technical advice.
Accidents can happen when operating a power tiller in a hurry, take precautions.
Planting fruit plants in waterlogged areas after the monsoon can be harmful.
Using too much chemical fertilizer reduces soil fertility, and future production may not be good.
If you sow seeds randomly without testing the soil, they may not germinate well.
Paddy does not grow well when planted in waterlogged fields during the monsoon, choose a place where there is no flooding.
In winter, if you can't protect oranges from frost, the fruits might fall off.
If you put too much water on newly planted paddy, the seedlings might rot.
Using chemical fertilizer increases the soil's acidity, so it's best to use it only after testing the soil.
If you give goods on credit in the local market, there's a risk of not getting paid, so try to do cash transactions as much as possible.
If it rains during wheat harvesting time, the quality decreases and you'll get a lower price.
If young farmers don't use improved seeds when planting paddy, production might be low.
Excessive use of chemical fertilizer affects the soil's biodiversity, let's use it in a balanced way.
If you don't pack fruits well when taking them to the market, they can get crushed and you might have a loss.
There's a lot of competition in the local market, so it can be difficult to get a fair price for your produce.
When young farmers take agricultural loans, don't sign without understanding the interest rates and conditions well.
If you don't prepare the soil well when planting seeds in a hurry, the seeds might not germinate.
If there are insects on the orange plant, using pesticides directly without trying homemade remedies first can be more harmful than helpful.
When growing vegetables in the post-monsoon season, if the water drainage system isn't good, the crops might rot.
Using more chemical fertilizer than necessary in the field affects the soil.
If you sell agricultural products in the local market without knowing the price, you might get cheated, be aware.
If there's a lack of water during paddy planting time, paddy production might decrease.
If you use compost fertilizer without properly filtering it, weed seeds can spread.
If the land selection is wrong when planting cardamom seedlings, production might not be good.
If you don't irrigate wheat in winter, production might decrease.
If young farmers use new technology without training, it might get damaged.
If you don't choose good rice seeds, don't expect a good harvest.
If you don't plant the seeds subsidized by the government on time, they might lose their germination power.
If you take fruits to the market immediately after using pesticides, it can affect the consumer's health.
If you farm oranges in a place with a lot of rain, the roots might rot.
If you plant potatoes without testing the soil, the production might not be good.
If young farmers don't plant rice in rows, it's hard to weed.
When you go to sell goods in the local market, you might get cheated in measurements, be careful.
When planting potatoes in the post-monsoon season, be careful, late blight can occur.
If you don't fertilize rice on time, you might not get a good yield.
If it doesn't rain when planting wheat, it's hard for the seeds to germinate.
If there are insects in the vegetables, using pesticides should be the last option, first use organic methods.
If young farmers don't take proper insurance plans when raising livestock, they can have big losses.
If you buy fertilizer on credit in the local market, the interest can increase if you can't pay on time.
If you don't fertilize the orange plant on time, it might produce less fruit.
If you don't puddle well when planting rice, the rice seedlings might not transplant well.
If you harvest rice in a hurry, there is a fear of grain shattering, work patiently.
Spraying too much pesticide reduces the soil fertility.
When farming vegetables out of season, there is a high chance of disease, take precautions.
If you don't irrigate wheat on time, the production can decrease, irrigate on time.
In this warehouse, we have stored the necessary seeds and fertilizers for women farmers.
Looks like we need to run drone spraying training for women farmers.
You can easily get weather info from the mobile app we made.
The government is planning to distribute solar pumps to women farmers this year.
In modern farming, women also need to know about greenhouse technology.
The weather forecast app made for women farmers is very useful.
Many women farmers have made their work easier by learning to operate power tillers.
Looks like women farmers in this area need training on advanced irrigation equipment.
Women farmers have also started adopting tech-friendly farming practices.
This mobile app made for women farmers has all the agriculture-related information.
Women farmers have also started using drones to spray medicine on crops.
We are preparing to give women farmers training on operating modern tractors.
The government is distributing solar-powered water pumps targeting women farmers.
This year, many women farmers used mobile apps to get info about their farms.
Good production happened because crops were planted on time according to the weather app info.
The government has launched a program to provide subsidies for drone spraying, targeting women farmers.
In this warehouse, we have stored fertilizers and seeds needed by women farmers.
Due to climate change, women farmers have no option but to adopt technology.
Women farmers have also started to understand the concept of precision farming.
The government is planning to provide subsidies on power tillers targeting women farmers.
This year, women farmers have also started plowing fields using tractors.
Many women farmers are farming by using mobile apps to get weather info.
The fertilizer and seeds kept in this warehouse will be available to women farmers at subsidized rates.
The weather forecast app designed targeting women farmers has been very useful.
All the agriculture related information is available in the mobile app we made for women farmers.
Women farmers will be trained to spray medicine on crops using drones.
The government has introduced a special program for solar pumps targeting women farmers.
This year, many women farmers got their fields' soil tested using mobile apps.
The government has introduced a program to distribute solar pumps for women farmers.
Arrangements have been made to provide weather information to women farmers through mobile apps.
This year, women farmers are planning to plow their fields using power tillers.
The government has introduced a program to provide subsidies for drone spraying for women farmers.
This mobile app designed targeting women farmers has all the agriculture related information.
Women farmers have also now started spraying medicine on crops using drones.
This weather forecast app made targeting women farmers is very useful.
The government is distributing solar powered water pumps targeting women farmers.
We are preparing to provide training to women farmers on operating modern tractors.
Many women farmers farmed by using mobile apps to get weather information.
There is a need to provide training for drone spraying to women farmers.
This year, many women farmers got information about their farms using mobile apps.
What kind of effect does using this chemical fertilizer have on the soil?
Can you teach me how to make compost fertilizer?
Where can I get information about when and how to use urea fertilizer?
What other fertilizer can be used instead of DAP fertilizer?
What are the benefits of using potash fertilizer for crops?
How is it best to use this organic fertilizer?
How can I get the government subsidy for fertilizer?
Can you help me create a fertilizer application schedule?
What are the disadvantages of using too much fertilizer in the field?
What kind of fertilizer is best to use in the Kharif season?
When should fertilizer be applied in winter?
When should fertilizer be applied after planting rice?
Can you give me information about fertilizer for the Rabi season?
How to apply fertilizer when there is a lack of water in the field?
What effect does this growth hormone have on crops?
How to use a tractor for spreading fertilizer?
Which pesticide should be used if crops are infested with insects?
Where can I find irrigation equipment?
When is the training about fertilizers?
Is there a mobile app to give information about fertilizer?
How to fill out the online form for fertilizer?
Does soil testing tell you about fertilizer?
Where can I find more information about fertilizer?
Is there a toll-free number for fertilizer info?
Does the amount of fertilizer vary depending on the crop?
How to know the quality of fertilizer?
Does this fertilizer ruin the soil?
Are there videos about fertilizer on YouTube?
Is there a book about fertilizer?
Is there a radio program about fertilizer?
Can we call an agricultural expert to give information about fertilizer?
Can we hear farmers' experiences about fertilizer?
When is the discussion program about fertilizer?
What is the government doing about fertilizer?
What is the difference between chemical and organic fertilizer?
How much water is needed when using fertilizer?
What temperature should it be when using fertilizer?
What should the air be like when using fertilizer?
How much moisture should there be in the soil when using fertilizer?
Do I need to mix other fertilizers when using this fertilizer?
What things should be considered when using fertilizer?
What should you do for safety when using fertilizer?
How many days after using fertilizer does the effect show on the crop?
What should the soil be like when applying fertilizer?
What kind of smell should the soil have when using fertilizer?
What color should the crop have when using this fertilizer?
What shape should the crop have when using fertilizer?
How much does the crop production increase when using fertilizer?
How long does it take to make this compost fertilizer and when to use it in the field?
In hilly areas, using compost fertilizer is much better for soil health than using chemical fertilizer.
Mulching during winter is more effective at preserving soil moisture than constantly watering the plants.
Terrace farming to prevent soil erosion on sloping land is better than farming on flat land.
Choosing seeds only after soil testing is wiser than planting seeds based on guesswork.
Adopting crop rotation instead of planting the same crop continuously helps maintain the balance of nutrients in the soil.
Plowing with oxen is more beneficial for the soil than using a tractor in hilly areas.
Testing the soil before planting seeds is much better than regretting it after planting.
Using organic fertilizer instead of chemical growth hormones is beneficial for soil health in the long run.
Using compost fertilizer in the spring benefits the crop more than using fertilizer in other seasons.
It is better to grow vegetables using compost fertilizer than to leave the land barren, which also provides income.
Getting a soil test to solve soil problems is a better solution than hiding the problem.
Fruit farming in hilly areas is better than rice farming from both environmental and income perspectives.
To increase soil fertility, using organic fertilizer is safer than using chemical fertilizer.
Instead of planting rice in waterlogged areas, it's better to plant corn in areas without waterlogging.
Using organic pesticides is better for the environment and health than using chemical pesticides.
Planting trees is a more sustainable solution to prevent soil erosion than building walls.
Although chemical fertilizer seems good immediately, using compost fertilizer is beneficial for the soil in the long term.
Participating in soil testing camps to identify soil problems is more useful than staying at home.
Adopting modern agricultural technology is more effective in increasing production than sticking to traditional farming systems.
Knowing the soil condition before sowing wheat seeds is better than regretting after sowing.
Taking training to make compost fertilizer is much more effective than watching videos on YouTube.
It is wise to be aware and use fertilizer before the soil health deteriorates.
Using your own seeds saves time than waiting for subsidized seeds.
Adopting mulching technology in hilly areas is very helpful in reducing water problems.
It is better to farm according to the soil condition than farming by imitating others.
Although the use of chemical fertilizer increases production immediately, compost fertilizer makes the soil quality sustainable.
To keep the soil healthy, it is best to use organic pesticides instead of chemical pesticides.
Adopting crop rotation is much more beneficial than planting the same crop repeatedly.
Using organic methods to prevent soil degradation is more effective than using chemical methods.
It is easier and more suitable for the soil to grow millet in hilly areas than to grow rice.
Using chemical fertilizer randomly without soil testing is like poisoning the soil.
Although chemical fertilizer increases immediate production, compost fertilizer improves the long-term health of the soil.
Doing soil test to know the nutrients in the soil is better than using fertilizer based on guess.
Mulching helps to maintain soil moisture and also helps in weed control, which is better than using herbicides.
Instead of relying on rainwater due to lack of irrigation in hilly areas, it is better to collect and use rainwater.
Focusing only on production without considering soil health is harmful for the future.
Making compost fertilizer is cheaper and more environment friendly than using chemical fertilizer.
Using compost fertilizer increases the water absorption capacity of the soil, which chemical fertilizer does not provide.
Controlling landslides to prevent soil erosion is more important than farming on sloping land.
The use of chemical fertilizers reduces the fertility of the soil, while compost fertilizer strengthens the soil.
It is better to make your own fertilizer than to rely on the fertilizer subsidized by the government.
To increase soil fertility, planting millet is better for hilly regions than planting wheat.
Although the use of chemical fertilizers increases production, it gradually weakens the soil, but compost fertilizer always keeps the soil healthy.
Soil testing helps to decide which crop to plant, which is better than relying on other people's advice.
The use of chemical fertilizers has a negative effect on the soil, but compost fertilizer always gives positive energy to the soil.
This year, the demand for compost fertilizer has increased, so its price is a bit more expensive compared to chemical fertilizer.
Although tractors are a bit more expensive than power tillers, they are very useful for large farms.
Compared to before, nowadays farmers are learning how to farm using weather apps.
Solar pumps seem to be much more economical in the long run than diesel pumps for irrigation.
Drone spraying is faster and more effective than hand spraying for spraying pesticides.
Using a mobile app to view soil test results is much easier than going to the lab like before.
By adopting greenhouse technology for vegetable farming compared to traditional farming, more production can be obtained.
Using compost fertilizer is much better for the environment than chemical fertilizer these days.
Even though tractors work faster, power tillers are more useful for small farms.
Compared to other irrigation equipment, solar pumps are both environment friendly and cheaper.
Farming is much easier now than before, since we can get weather info from mobile apps.
Using organic pesticides is better for health than using chemical pesticides.
Drip irrigation saves a lot more water than traditional irrigation.
Since there was less rain during rice planting this year, running a solar pump is a better option than relying on rainwater.
By focusing on precision farming, we can reduce the use of fertilizer and seeds compared to traditional farming.
These days, the use of drone spraying in agriculture has increased, which is also safer than spraying pesticides by hand.
Mobile apps that provide weather information are much more reliable now than before.
Compared to tractors, power tillers are easier for small farmers to buy and operate.
Using chemical fertilizers damages the soil, so it's better to use compost fertilizer.
When the solar pump draws water to the field, it doesn't make noise like a diesel pump, the environment stays quiet.
After the weather app gives information about rain, we can prepare before spraying pesticides.
Greenhouse technology helps grow off-season vegetables, so it's better than traditional farming.
These days, farmers prefer to use power tillers instead of tractors because they are suitable for small farms.
Using chemical fertilizers reduces the fertility of the soil, so it is best to use compost fertilizer.
After installing the solar pump, the cost of running the diesel pump has been saved, this is very good.
Even though drone spraying is expensive, it saves time because it is faster.
It is easier to protect crops after the mobile app provides weather information.
There are more benefits to farming with greenhouse technology than with traditional farming.
Power tillers are easy to use, so many farmers prefer them over tractors.
Using compost fertilizer doesn't show immediate results like chemical fertilizer, but it's beneficial for the soil in the long run.
Solar pumps work well when it's sunny during the day, but when it's cloudy, you have to use a diesel pump.
Drone spraying is safer than hand spraying because it doesn't affect people when spraying pesticides.
Testing soil with a mobile app means you don't have to keep going to the agriculture office like before.
When you use greenhouse technology, the outside temperature doesn't affect it much, so production increases.
Power tillers make it easy to plow fields, so it's a much better option than raising oxen.
Using compost fertilizer improves soil quality compared to chemical fertilizer.
Using a solar pump is much cheaper than a diesel pump because you don't have to pay electricity bills.
Drone spraying is a bit more complicated than spraying pesticides by hand because you have to get training.
Getting agricultural information using a mobile app is much easier than getting information by listening to the radio.
You can control the temperature in greenhouse technology, so you can grow off-season vegetables.
Power tillers are suitable for small fields, so you still need a tractor for large fields.
Making compost fertilizer takes time, so many people prefer chemical fertilizer because it's faster.
Installing a solar pump costs a lot initially, but you save on diesel costs later.
Drone spraying can spray pesticides in many places at once, so it's faster than traditional methods.
You can avoid a lot of losses by planting crops after getting weather information from a mobile app.
Adopting greenhouse technology requires a lot of investment, so not all farmers can adopt it.
Power tillers have proven to be a boon for small farmers because they make many tasks easier.
Because compost fertilizer doesn't show results as fast as chemical fertilizer, many farmers hesitate to use it.
Solar pumps need sunlight to run, so when it's cloudy, we need to find a diesel pump alternative.
If the government subsidized drone spraying, it would be easier for many farmers to adopt this technology.
We who work at the warehouse have planned to irrigate by drawing underground water this winter season.
Farmers have complained about facing problems due to the lack of proper canal irrigation.
Due to the water shortage, it seems that the use of fertilizer and seeds will be affected this year.
The necessary materials for drip irrigation have arrived at the warehouse.
We must make the rainwater harvesting plan successful, collecting water in the rainy season and using it in the winter.
The budget allocated for irrigation maintenance is not sufficient.
Production has decreased due to not working according to the irrigation schedule.
Due to the water shortage this year, sprinkler irrigation seems to be effective.
Excessive use of underground water has caused the water level to decrease.
There is a need to make farmers understand the importance of irrigation.
We have organized a discussion to create an irrigation plan for the upcoming Rabi season.
Water can be saved by adopting drip irrigation technology.
Additional budget has been requested for canal irrigation.
Farmers have been forced to leave their fields barren due to not having irrigation facilities.
Due to the water shortage, potato seeds could not be planted on time this year.
It is necessary to raise awareness for irrigation maintenance.
Rainwater harvesting systems help solve the water problem.
We need to make policies to manage the use of underground water.
We have released a notice to inform farmers about the irrigation schedule.
Sprinkler irrigation helps to use water properly.
Training is needed for drip irrigation.
The old structure of canal irrigation needs to be repaired.
Due to water scarcity, rice production is likely to decrease this year.
Fertilizer is being wasted due to improper irrigation management.
We have arranged grants for the construction of rainwater harvesting ponds.
Rules should be made to stop the exploitation of underground water.
Farmers are disappointed because they are not getting water according to the irrigation schedule.
Good production can be achieved in vegetable farming by using sprinkler irrigation.
Farmers should be encouraged for drip irrigation.
It seems that the local body should pay attention to canal irrigation.
Due to water scarcity, there has been a delay in planting wheat seeds.
Volunteers need to be mobilized for irrigation maintenance.
Kitchen gardens can be irrigated by collecting rainwater.
Wells have started to dry up as the ground water level is decreasing.
There is a need to change the irrigation schedule.
Sprinkler irrigation helps protect crops from frost.
Drip irrigation saves water and also increases production.
The canal irrigation management needs to be improved.
Due to water scarcity, it looks like maize production will be affected this year.
We have requested a budget from the rural municipality for irrigation maintenance.
We have conducted awareness programs for rainwater harvesting.
It's time to control the use of underground water.
The irrigation schedule should be made according to the needs of the farmers.
The government should provide subsidies for sprinkler irrigation.
Farmers should be trained to provide information about drip irrigation.
The water distribution system of canal irrigation should be improved.
Due to water scarcity, there is a possibility that oilseed crop production will decrease this year.
There is a plan to mobilize local youths for irrigation maintenance.
There is a program to reward farmers who grow vegetables by collecting rainwater.
Excessive use of underground water has a negative impact on the environment.
Since rice production was not good this Kharif season, it will be difficult to repay the cooperative loan.
I have to go to the cooperative to apply for input subsidy for fertilizer.
It is necessary to take a crop loan from the agricultural bank to plant wheat crop this Rabi season.
Since the price of potatoes has decreased in the local market, I am thinking of applying for an insurance claim.
I went to the agricultural cooperative to get information about the grants provided by the government.
There is a compulsion to take a loan from microfinance to buy a power tiller.
I had heard that the government would provide grants for irrigation equipment this year as well, I have to check.
If the cooperative credit interest rate was a bit lower, farmers would get some relief.
I heard the agriculture bank has a new scheme for farmers, should we go and check it out?
Looks like we need to do a soil test before planting crops, I'll check at the agriculture office.
When will we get the input subsidy the government gives for improved seeds?
Microfinance gives loans easily even to small farmers, so many have benefited.
Because there's no agriculture bank in the village, we're forced to take loans from cooperatives.
It didn't rain on time this year, so I'm preparing for an insurance claim.
Where can we find the growth hormone the government provides, who should I ask?
If they made the cooperative credit process simpler, it would be much easier for farmers.
What documents are needed for the loan that the agriculture bank provides?
Because the price of seeds has increased in the local market, the need for input subsidy is seen.
I don't know if I can pay off the paddy crop loan this year, it's become very difficult.
I'm thinking of buying a tractor this year with the loan I took from the cooperative.
The agriculture office has called by filling out a form to give information about the new scheme the government has brought for farmers.
The cooperative said they will help to apply for insurance.
I heard that the agriculture bank has arranged to give loans to farmers at subsidized rates.
Even though the potato production was good this year, I'm worried about how to pay the cooperative loan because I'm not getting a good price in the market.
The government talks about giving grants in agriculture, but we farmers don't know when we'll get it.
If the interest rate of cooperative credit was low, farmers like us would get a lot of relief.
I heard the agriculture bank has brought a new account opening scheme for farmers.
Didn't get fertilizer on time so the corn harvest wasn't good this year, guess I'll have to claim insurance.
I'm thinking of buying a power tiller this year with the crop loan I took from the cooperative.
I need to check at the local agriculture office about the subsidy the government gives for irrigation.
It's been really hard to pay back the loan because the microfinance interest rate is so high.
The agriculture bank is having a program to give information about the new loan scheme they have for farmers.
The rice crop got a disease this year, so I'm preparing for an insurance claim.
Looks like you have to fill out an online form for the subsidy the government gives to farmers.
Cooperative credit has encouraged a lot of farmers to get into agriculture.
I'm going to have to work really hard this year to pay back the loan I took from the agriculture bank.
Production decreased this year because it didn't rain on time, we need input subsidy.
Microfinance prioritizes women farmers when giving loans.
The cooperative has made a mobile app to give farmers information about crop insurance, I heard.
Looks like you have to go to the cooperative and register your name for the subsidy the government gives.
The agriculture bank has arranged for farmers to get loans at low interest rates.
It rained a lot this Kharif season so the rice crop got flooded, I'm applying for insurance.
Cooperative credit has helped a lot of farmers become self-reliant.
I need to contact the agriculture office for the growth hormone the government gives.
Microfinance is talking about giving training to women in the village to start businesses.
The agriculture bank distributed a tablet to give farmers information about digital banking.
The potato production wasn't good this year so it's going to be hard to pay back the cooperative loan, I wonder if the government will give some relief?
Looks like we need to apply to the cooperative for the input subsidy the government is giving.
The Agricultural Bank has arranged for farmers to get crop loans at subsidized interest rates.
The cooperative credit has helped many farmers buy modern agricultural equipment (irrigation equipment, power tillers, etc.).
Sister, this mobile app is a bit difficult to use, can you teach me?
How many days in advance do I need to inform them to get a power tiller for rent?
Looks like we need to put a lot of compost fertilizer for the winter crops this year, should get the soil tested.
Is drone spraying service available here or do I need to go to Kathmandu?
The weather app that gives weather information is showing unseasonal rain, what to do?
How would it be to use greenhouse technology in this field?
They say it's good to use growth hormones when planting potato seeds, is that true?
Is there a plan to install solar pumps in our area as well?
I'm thinking of buying a tractor, but how to get a loan?
There was a lot of damage to the paddy crop this year because it didn't rain on time.
Where should I go to get training in precision farming?
It's a disaster if it rains during the harvesting season.
What kind of precautions should be taken when growing vegetables in the post-monsoon season?
These days, there's a new technology to irrigate from your mobile, they say!
How easy it would be if we could transfer money through mobile banking!
How much water should I mix this insecticide with?
You should only put fertilizer in the field after looking at the weather forecast.
Should we do advance booking for potato seeds this year or not?
Technology has made things so easy for farmers, right?
Even in villages, the use of mobile banking is increasing now.
I heard the government is bringing a plan to give subsidies for solar pumps to farmers!
How much does it cost to build a greenhouse, I wonder?
This time, the price of compost fertilizer has also increased.
Now, there's a facility to view soil test reports from mobile phones.
This power tiller is very useful during the rainy season.
How would it be to spray medicine from a drone, should we test it once?
What would be profitable to plant this winter season?
What kind of technology has the local government introduced in agriculture?
According to the weather forecast, there is a possibility of rain next week.
Training is needed to adopt this modern agricultural technology.
The solar pump subsidized by the government is broken, where should I get it fixed?
Now we need to install drip irrigation technology in the field.
Greenhouse technology greatly helps to increase vegetable production.
Has the weather information not been updated on this mobile app?
If it rains during rice harvesting, everything will be wasted.
Now many farmers have started to take interest in precision farming.
Thinking of buying a new tractor this year, what should I do?
What kind of compost fertilizer should we use for the coming season?
Where can I find vegetable seeds to plant in the pre-monsoon?
How effective would drone spraying be in this field?
What do I need to open a mobile banking account?
We should also have a training about weather apps in our village.
This time the repair cost for the power tiller was too much.
How much land is needed to build a greenhouse in this field?
What to do if the solar pump doesn't work properly?
The rice has a lot of disease this time, so we need to spray pesticide.
How easy it would be if we could order fertilizer from our mobile!
Do we need to do soil testing for precision farming?
The field is dry because it didn't rain, what to do now?
It has become very easy to farm with weather information from the mobile app.
Compared to chemical fertilizer, using compost fertilizer maintains soil fertility for a longer time.
Even if the crop seems to thrive immediately when using urea fertilizer, compost fertilizer is better in the long run.
Organic fertilizer adds many types of microorganisms to the soil than DAP fertilizer.
Bio fertilizer is more environmentally friendly and keeps the soil healthy compared to potash fertilizer.
Even though the government subsidizes chemical fertilizers, using organic fertilizer is much better for the soil.
Timely application of fertilizer is very important in the case of chemical fertilizers, but it doesn't make much difference in organic fertilizers.
Excessive use of chemical fertilizers damages the soil, but the use of organic fertilizers improves the soil.
Using chemical fertilizer in the Rabi season gives the same yield as compost, but maintains soil quality.
Using organic fertilizer in winter is better for the soil than using chemical fertilizer.
Using bio-fertilizers instead of chemical fertilizers in the post-monsoon season reduces water pollution.
Chemical fertilizer is likely to wash away in the monsoon, but organic fertilizer doesn't wash away as much.
Tractors compact the soil when plowing, but organic fertilizer loosens the soil.
Even though chemical fertilizer makes plants grow quickly, organic fertilizer plays a big role in improving seed quality.
Chemical pesticides kill insects, but organic fertilizer increases the plant's disease resistance.
Using mulch protects soil moisture, but organic fertilizer also increases soil nutrients.
Even though chemical fertilizer increases production, organic fertilizer increases the taste of the product.
It takes time to make compost, but chemical fertilizer is readily available.
Even though urea fertilizer works quickly, compost fertilizer has a lasting effect.
Even though DAP fertilizer is expensive, fertilizer subsidies provide some relief to farmers, but organic fertilizer can be made yourself.
Even though potash fertilizer is easily available, bio-fertilizers keep the soil healthy.
Organic fertilizer improves soil structure compared to chemical fertilizer.
Even though chemical fertilizer provides immediate nutrition to crops, organic fertilizer provides long-term nutrition.
The use of chemical fertilizer has a negative impact on soil biodiversity, but organic fertilizer increases biodiversity.
The use of chemical fertilizer increases water pollution, but organic fertilizer reduces pollution.
The use of organic fertilizer contributes to food security compared to chemical fertilizer.
The use of chemical fertilizer increases soil acidity, but organic fertilizer maintains the soil's pH balance.
It is better to use compost fertilizer than urea in the Rabi season.
Using bio fertilizer in winter is better for the soil than using DAP.
Using organic fertilizer after monsoon is better for the environment than using potash.
Chemical fertilizer can wash away in the monsoon, so it's better to use organic fertilizer.
Tractors make the soil compact, but organic fertilizer helps loosen it.
Improved seeds grow fast, but organic fertilizer increases the soil's fertility.
Chemical pesticides kill insects instantly, but organic fertilizer develops the plant's disease resistance.
Mulch saves soil moisture, but organic fertilizer nourishes the soil.
Using organic fertilizer improves the quality of the produce compared to chemical fertilizer.
Chemical fertilizer leaves chemical residue in the soil, but organic fertilizer doesn't make the soil toxic.
Chemical fertilizer has a negative effect on soil health, but organic fertilizer keeps the soil healthy.
Fertilizer subsidies are only available for chemical fertilizers, but you can produce organic fertilizer yourself.
Chemical fertilizer damages the soil structure, while organic fertilizer improves it.
Chemical fertilizer gives instant nutrition to the crop, but organic fertilizer provides long-term nutrition.
Using compost manure in the Rabi season is much better for the soil than using urea.
Chemical fertilizer decreases soil fertility, but organic fertilizer increases it.
Chemical fertilizer makes the crop grow fast, but organic fertilizer makes the plant strong naturally.
Using chemical fertilizer kills beneficial bacteria in the soil, but organic fertilizer promotes those bacteria.
Using organic fertilizer benefits the crop slowly but sustainably compared to chemical fertilizer.
Urea fertilizer brings instant greenery, but organic fertilizer helps a lot to improve the soil quality.
Using compost manure instead of DAP fertilizer can add necessary nutrients to the soil.
Even though chemical fertilizer increases production, bio fertilizer protects the soil's fertility.
If the government gave the subsidy for chemical fertilizer to bio fertilizer, farmers would get a lot of relief.
If you don't pay attention while fertilizing, chemical fertilizer spoils the crop, but in the case of bio fertilizer, there is less risk.
It's better for the soil to use a little bio fertilizer than to use more chemical fertilizer than needed.
It is more beneficial to the soil to use organic fertilizer than chemical fertilizer in the Rabi season.
Even though chemical fertilizer increases production immediately, bio fertilizer keeps the soil healthy long-term in the post-monsoon season.
The use of chemical fertilizer in winter damages the soil structure, but compost fertilizer keeps the soil warm.
It would have been good to use bio fertilizer before using chemical fertilizer in the crop harvesting season.
It would have been great if I could have taken compost fertilizer making training with the money used to buy chemical fertilizer.
It takes a little more effort to make compost fertilizer compared to chemical fertilizer.
Chemical fertilizer kills insects immediately, but bio fertilizer keeps the soil's natural environment in balance.
The use of chemical fertilizer increases the acidity of the soil, but compost fertilizer balances it.
Even though chemical fertilizer is easily available, the use of bio fertilizer makes the soil self-reliant.
Even though organic fertilizer is more expensive than chemical fertilizer, it benefits the soil in the long run.
Chemical fertilizer pollutes water, but bio fertilizer is environmentally friendly.
When using chemical fertilizer, irrigation equipment is needed, but compost fertilizer increases the soil's water absorption capacity.
Chemical fertilizer kills beneficial organisms in the soil, but bio fertilizer increases their number.
The use of chemical fertilizer disrupts the natural cycle of the soil, but compost fertilizer balances it.
The use of chemical fertilizer increases the possibility of crop disease, but bio fertilizer increases disease resistance.
The use of chemical fertilizer reduces the fertility of the soil, but bio fertilizer increases it.
Using chemical fertilizer increases production cost, but you can make compost fertilizer yourself.
Using chemical fertilizer ruins the soil structure, but bio-fertilizer improves it.
Compared to urea, bio-fertilizer increases the amount of nitrogen in the soil slowly.
Using bio-fertilizer instead of potash fertilizer helps maintain the potassium balance in the soil.
Using chemical fertilizer reduces organic matter in the soil, but bio-fertilizer increases organic matter.
Compared to chemical fertilizer, using bio-fertilizer increases the quality of the product.
Even though chemical fertilizer shows results quickly, compost makes the soil healthy in the long term.
Using chemical fertilizer increases the amount of salt in the soil, but bio-fertilizer reduces it.
Compared to chemical fertilizer, using bio-fertilizer increases the taste of the crop.
Using chemical fertilizer decreases the water retention capacity of the soil, but bio-fertilizer increases it.
Compared to chemical fertilizer, using bio-fertilizer increases the crop's ability to withstand drought.
Using chemical fertilizer causes an imbalance of nutrients in the soil, but bio-fertilizer balances it.
Compared to chemical fertilizer, using bio-fertilizer increases the diversity of microorganisms in the soil.
Using chemical fertilizer increases the number of harmful bacteria in the soil, but bio-fertilizer increases the number of beneficial bacteria.
Compared to chemical fertilizer, using bio-fertilizer protects the crop from diseases and pests.
Using chemical fertilizer increases pollution in the soil, but bio-fertilizer is environmentally friendly.
Compared to chemical fertilizer, production costs can be reduced by using bio-fertilizer.
Using chemical fertilizer damages the natural structure of the soil, but bio-fertilizer improves it.
Compared to chemical fertilizer, using bio-fertilizer makes the soil healthy and fertile.
Using chemical fertilizer causes a deficiency of minerals in the soil, but bio-fertilizer increases minerals.
Using bio fertilizer increases crop production compared to chemical fertilizer.
Even though chemical fertilizer benefits the crop immediately, bio fertilizer keeps the soil healthy in the long run.
Compost fertilizer provides all the necessary nutrients to the soil compared to chemical fertilizer.
If the government gave training to make compost fertilizer instead of subsidizing chemical fertilizer, it would also create employment for young people.
Using bio fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer helps to control pests in the soil.
Chemical fertilizer affects the soil immediately, but the effect of bio fertilizer lasts longer.
The use of chemical fertilizer reduces soil fertility, but bio fertilizer increases soil fertility.
Submit the necessary documents for crop insurance on time.
All of you should apply for agricultural loan facilities.
Let's improve the import-export policy and encourage local production.
Get your land's soil tested under the land reform program.
Open an account at the cooperative to receive the grant.
Plan to plant new crops for this year's Kharif season.
Farmers should be trained to use compost fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
Keep all the documents ready to get crop insurance claim payments on time.
Agricultural infrastructure should be rebuilt in the flood-affected areas.
The government should simplify agricultural loan facilities.
Production can only be increased by improving the land.
Farmers should be informed about import-export policies.
Contact the agriculture office to get the grant.
We should encourage people to participate in crop insurance schemes.
Local government should focus on agricultural infrastructure development.
Go to the agriculture office to get information about crop insurance.
Agricultural loan facilities should be made easily available.
The government should bring special programs for land improvement.
The process of applying for grants should be simplified.
Crop insurance provides great relief to farmers.
Investment in agricultural infrastructure should be increased.
We need to go to villages to explain the importance of crop insurance.
Conduct camps to provide information about agricultural loan facilities.
Farmers' suggestions should be included in the import-export policy.
Farmers should be encouraged for land improvement.
Transparency should be maintained in grant distribution.
The process of crop insurance should be simplified.
Local resources should be used in the construction of agricultural infrastructure.
Teach how to fill out the online form for crop insurance.
Contact the bank to get agricultural loan facilities.
The import-export policy should be made beneficial to farmers.
Participate in the land improvement program and make your land fertile.
Fill in all the details correctly to get the grant amount on time.
Crop insurance protects from future risks.
Our cooperative, irrigating by pulling underground water is much better for production than canal water in winter.
Sprinkler irrigation wastes more water than drip irrigation, but it can irrigate a large area quickly.
Collecting rainwater and using it when there is a water shortage is more useful than waiting for canal water.
This year, it was late to plant rice due to water shortage, but last year canal irrigation water came on time.
The cooperative encourages farming with irrigation tools rather than using tractors in hilly areas.
Many farmers prefer the irrigation schedule made by the cooperative compared to others.
Collecting rainwater during the rainy season is better for the environment than extracting underground water in winter.
Due to the drought this year, the demand for sprinkler irrigation has increased, canal irrigation water is not enough.
The cooperative has provided subsidies for drip irrigation, which is more effective than traditional canal irrigation.
To solve the problem of water scarcity, the cooperative has planned to extract underground water, which is more modern than digging traditional wells.
Underground water irrigation is more effective than canal water for wheat cultivation in winter.
Production has been higher when farming according to the irrigation schedule recommended by the cooperative than in other's fields.
According to the cooperative, rainwater harvesting for irrigation is a long-term solution to the water problem, not just canal irrigation.
This year, using drip irrigation for potato cultivation saved water, which was not possible with canal irrigation.
Since there is a water shortage in winter, the cooperative plans to distribute underground water pumping pumps, which is easier than digging wells.
The cooperative has decided to use sprinkler irrigation in rice cultivation this year because canal irrigation water is not enough.
Due to the water shortage, the cooperative is encouraging farmers to collect rainwater, which is an alternative to canal irrigation.
This year, the cooperative has introduced drip irrigation technology for wheat cultivation, which is more effective than traditional irrigation.
The cooperative has prioritized the underground water extraction plan this year because canal irrigation cannot be relied upon.
Farmers are saying, "After installing drip irrigation, we've saved water, which wasn't possible with canal irrigation.
Making a rainwater harvesting tank is cheaper than digging a new canal in the field.
The cooperative has focused more on managing groundwater than on maintaining canal irrigation.
Compared to others, our cooperative updates the irrigation schedule regularly.
Even though sprinkler irrigation uses a lot of water, you can irrigate a large area in a short time, which isn't possible with drip irrigation.
The cooperative has prioritized rainwater harvesting this year because canal irrigation water isn't always available.
The cooperative has encouraged drip irrigation for winter vegetable farming because it's more effective and advanced than canal irrigation.
The cooperative plans to promote the use of groundwater extraction technology because canal irrigation water is irregular.
When canal irrigation water doesn't come on time, many farmers have started using groundwater.
Rainwater harvesting for irrigation is a sustainable solution to the water problem, not just canal irrigation.
The cooperative has decided to use sprinkler irrigation for maize cultivation this year because canal irrigation water isn't sufficient.
After installing the drip irrigation system, water has been saved, which was not possible with canal irrigation, so it's good.
The cooperative has considered the soil type when creating the irrigation schedule, which others didn't.
The cooperative plans to distribute groundwater extraction pumps this year because we can't rely on canal irrigation.
Using drip irrigation for potato farming this year saved water, which wasn't possible with canal irrigation, so it was very beneficial.
The cooperative has provided subsidies for building rainwater harvesting tanks; this is more effective than digging canals.
The cooperative has emphasized investing in new technology rather than irrigation maintenance.
Many farmers have started using groundwater because they didn't get canal irrigation water, as the lack of water made farming difficult.
Rainwater harvesting for irrigation is a sustainable solution to the water problem; the cooperative has understood this.
Even though sprinkler irrigation uses a lot of water, you can irrigate a large area in a short time, which isn't possible with drip irrigation, so it's effective.
The cooperative has prioritized rainwater harvesting this year because canal irrigation water isn't always available, everyone needs to understand this.
The cooperative is promoting drip irrigation for winter vegetable farming as it's more effective and advanced than canal irrigation, plus it saves water.
The cooperative plans to promote the use of groundwater extraction technology because canal irrigation water is irregular, and farmers face problems.
Many farmers have started using groundwater because canal irrigation water doesn't arrive on time, but it needs sustainable management.
Rainwater harvesting for irrigation is a sustainable solution to the water problem, which the cooperative has prioritized.
The cooperative has decided to use sprinkler irrigation for maize cultivation this year because canal irrigation water is insufficient, and there's a fear of reduced production.
Water has been saved after installing the drip irrigation system, which wasn't possible with canal irrigation, so this system has proven to be a boon for farmers.
The cooperative considered the soil type when creating the irrigation schedule, which others didn't, and it has made a big difference in production.
The cooperative plans to distribute groundwater extraction pumps this year because canal irrigation can't be relied on, and farmers may face problems.
Using drip irrigation for potato cultivation this year saved water, which wasn't possible with canal irrigation, so there was a lot of benefit, and costs also decreased.
The cooperative has provided grants to build rainwater harvesting tanks, which is more effective than digging canals, and it's also good for the environment.
There's a risk of fruit seedlings spoiling when stored in the cooperative's cold storage, so only store them after checking them properly.
Get the soil tested before planting timber trees, otherwise, it will be difficult for them to grow.
Get a soil test done, as the use of fertilizer can damage the soil's fertility.
Pests can increase when farming off-season, so pay attention to pesticide use.
When doing mixed cropping, there is a risk of disease spreading from one crop to another, so be careful.
If the power tiller in the cooperative breaks down and isn't repaired on time, many farmers may face problems.
When planting fruit trees, production may decrease if you choose a shady spot without enough light.
If compost fertilizer isn't fully decomposed, there is a risk of disease in the soil.
Timber trees should not be planted in places where water accumulates during the rainy season, as the roots may rot and they may fall.
If you don't pay back the loan from the cooperative on time, you'll have to pay extra interest and your name might end up on the blacklist.
If it rains when it's time to harvest, the crops can get damaged, so keep up with the weather forecast.
If all the documents aren't complete when opening a cooperative account, the account might not open.
If you plant improved grass varieties that don't match the soil type, they might not grow well.
There's a chance of storms during pre-monsoon, so support your fruit plants with stakes.
Use safety measures when using irrigation tools, otherwise there might be an accident.
There might be a water shortage in the Rabi season, so manage your water supply beforehand.
Excessive rain during the Kharif season can damage crops, so plant your crops on time.
If you don't have a long-term vision when planning a carbon collection project, it might fail.
If farmers don't work together collectively, the cooperative's program might not succeed.
If the temperature is wrong in the cold storage, the fruits might rot, so keep the temperature right.
If you don't consider the soil condition when planting fodder grass saplings, it will be difficult for them to grow.
If young people leave agriculture, there might be a problem finding people to work in the village.
If you don't follow the cooperative's rules, your membership might be canceled.
If you submit false information when applying for a grant, there might be legal action.
If you don't attend the cooperative's meetings regularly, you might not be able to participate in the decision-making process.
If you don't insure your crops, you might suffer a big loss if there's damage from a natural disaster.
If you don't take safety precautions when using pesticides, it can seriously affect your health.
If you embezzle the cooperative's money, you might even have to go to jail.
If you don't get fertilizer on time, crop production might decrease.
If you leave land fallow, the soil fertility decreases.
If you don't know how to plant fruit seedlings, they might die.
If you don't use modern agricultural technology, the production cost can increase.
If you use chemical fertilizer without testing the soil, the soil can be damaged.
If you don't manage water properly, the crops can dry out.
If you don't give your opinion in the cooperative, wrong decisions can be made.
If you don't get new information about agriculture, you can fall behind.
If you only use improved seeds and not local seeds, the local seeds can disappear.
If you destroy forests, it can have a negative impact on the environment.
Using plastic can increase soil pollution.
Excessive use of chemical fertilizers can affect human health.
If you don't take proper measures to protect crops from wild animals, the crops can be destroyed.
Climate change can negatively affect agricultural production.
If you don't identify diseases and pests in time, the crops can suffer great damage.
If you don't store agricultural materials properly, the materials can spoil.
If you only adopt traditional farming methods, production can be low.
If you don't participate in the cooperative election, the wrong person might get selected.
If you don't take advice from agricultural experts, you might adopt the wrong farming methods.
If you don't participate in group farming, you can miss out on many opportunities.
If you don't get information about government agricultural subsidies, you can be deprived of opportunities.
If you don't save in the cooperative, you might have problems during emergencies.
The government should arrange seed subsidies for this greenhouse damaged by the flood.
Complaints are coming that there is a lack of fertilizer, the government should pay attention to import-export policies.
This year the government has allocated additional budget for agricultural infrastructure development.
Information should be provided about the credit facility that provides loans to farmers at subsidized rates.
Farmers should be encouraged to participate in the crop insurance scheme.
There is a plan to bring barren land into use under the land improvement program.
The pre-monsoon storm caused damage, now the agricultural extension service should help immediately.
Farmers should be encouraged to take the subsidies the government gives on agricultural tools.
It seems the fertilizer subsidy should be delivered on time during this year's rice planting season.
The government is bringing a special program for vegetable farming in the post-monsoon season.
There is a need to train farmers on the use of power tillers.
Information about the government's subsidies on irrigation equipment should reach all farmers.
How much subsidy has been allocated for seeds this year under the agricultural program?
It is necessary to inform farmers about the agricultural extension service.
I am confident that the land improvement program brought by the government will be truly effective.
Crop insurance should be arranged quickly in the flood-affected area.
The government should provide loan facilities to farmers.
The time has come for the government to pay attention to the construction of agricultural infrastructure.
This year's import-export policy should be in the interest of the farmers.
Government should make the process for seed subsidies easier.
Government should import fertilizer on time so there's no shortage.
Government should increase investment in agricultural infrastructure development.
Farmers should be informed about loan facilities.
Farmers should be encouraged to participate in crop insurance schemes.
Farmers should be trained under the land reform program.
Agricultural extension services should teach farmers new technologies.
Farmers should be helped to get government subsidies on agricultural tools.
How much subsidy has the government allocated for seeds? Please provide information.
Farmers should be made aware of agricultural extension services.
Farmers need to understand the land reform program brought by the government.
Crop insurance arrangements should be made quickly in flood-affected areas.
A plan should be made on how to provide loan facilities to farmers.
The government needs to pay attention to agricultural infrastructure construction.
This year's import-export policy should be made in favor of farmers.
The seed subsidy program should be made more effective.
Imports should be made easier to provide fertilizer to farmers on time.
The government was supposed to give some subsidy for irrigation in this greenhouse, what happened?
Please provide information about the new credit facility introduced by the Ministry of Agriculture for farmers.
It would be so good if we got subsidies on improved seeds during potato planting season.
How much is the government planning to invest in agricultural infrastructure this year?
The rice seedlings are starting to dry up because it didn't rain on time, will the government provide crop insurance now?
The agricultural extension service program brought by the government should reach the farmers.
How much subsidy has been allocated for agricultural tools in this year's budget?
Farmers should be informed about the land improvement program.
Crop insurance should be arranged immediately in the flood-affected areas.
The government should provide loans to farmers at subsidized rates.
The government should prioritize agricultural infrastructure development.
This year's import-export policy should be farmer-oriented.
The program of providing subsidies on seeds should be made transparent.
The government should facilitate the import of fertilizer.
In our village, the irrigation schedule got messed up this year due to water shortage because of low rainfall.
Although drip irrigation saves water, it seems a bit difficult to invest in at first.
If we can make fertilizer, the use of compost fertilizer can reduce the need for chemical fertilizer, right?
If sprinkler irrigation could be arranged on this hill, it would be easier to grow vegetables.
We are planning to bring water from the river through a canal for irrigation, how successful will we be?
The water level is decreasing as we draw underground water for irrigation, how to stop this?
If we could collect rainwater and use it for irrigation, we wouldn't have to depend on others.
Due to lack of water during rice planting, we could not plant on time.
If organic fertilizer is used instead of chemical fertilizer, the soil will not be damaged and the production will be good.
It's so hard to grow vegetables in the dry season because of the water problem.
It would be so good if we could use the water we collect during the rainy season later.
The wheat seeds weren't good this year, so the yield decreased.
When will the budget from the municipality for irrigation repairs come so we can start the work?
Now that the water source is drying up, we need to look for a tubewell alternative.
After installing the drip irrigation system, water has been saved and production has also increased.
It seems like it takes a lot of manpower and investment to build canals for canal irrigation.
It was difficult to plant winter crops because it didn't rain in the winter.
Although sprinkler irrigation saves water, its maintenance is expensive.
Due to lack of water, rice planting could not be done on time this year.
I could only buy a few bags of fertilizer this year because the price was high.
Due to lack of water for irrigation, I had to leave the field barren.
Hopefully, the rice production will be good this year because it rained on time.
It would be easier to irrigate if we could build a water harvesting pond.
Pipes should be arranged to bring canal water to the field.
The use of chemical fertilizers is decreasing the fertility of the soil.
I heard that the government provides grants for drip irrigation, how do I get it?
I have submitted an application to the ward office for irrigation repairs, let's see what happens.
It was a problem that it didn't rain when it was time to fertilize the field.
Rainwater can be collected and used to irrigate the kitchen garden.
It's time to make a new plan for irrigation.
The potato seeds weren't good this year, so the yield decreased.
It seems like the wheat production will be affected because there was no winter rain.
How much benefit does the drip irrigation system give to vegetable farming?
What kind of effect does using organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer have on production?
How much does it cost to install sprinkler irrigation?
The field keeps drying up because the canal water doesn't come regularly.
I'm worried that the water level is decreasing as we use underground water.
I'm thinking of building a pond to collect rainwater.
We had to just stare at the sky because we didn't get water during rice planting season.
It would have been great if I could have gotten training on making compost fertilizer.
Because of the lack of water, we couldn't plant mustard in the field this year.
If we can manage fertilizer properly, it will be very beneficial.
We have to volunteer labor to build a canal for irrigation.
Hopefully the corn production will be good this year because it rained on time.
I had a problem because I didn't have enough money to buy pipes for drip irrigation.
We need to form a user committee for irrigation maintenance.
The crops dried up because it didn't rain when it was time to fertilize the field.
I've made a plan to grow vegetables by collecting rainwater.
The rice seeds weren't good this year, so the yield will decrease.
These days, pesticides kill insects instantly, but using organic pesticides benefits the soil in the long run.
Even though boring water is easier for irrigation than canal water, canal water is cheaper.
Using compost fertilizer helps increase soil fertility compared to chemical fertilizer.
The improved seeds nowadays increase production, but local seeds show more disease resistance.
This year, paddy production decreased because of heavy rain during planting, but corn production increased.
This year, the fruit crops have more insects, but the damage is less than before.
These days, farmers have started using organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer, which is very good for the environment.
Because it rained during the rice harvesting time, a lot of rice got ruined in the field, but other crops were safe.
This year, the price of vegetables has skyrocketed, but farmers are not getting a fair price.
In today's market, products from outside are seen more compared to local products.
There is less chance of insects when storing grains in jute bags than in plastic bags.
Farmers are forced to buy chemical fertilizer at high prices because they don't get government subsidized fertilizer on time.
The price of vegetables is higher in the city than in the village, but the farmers don't get much benefit.
The use of improved seeds has increased compared to before, but there is an increasing risk of local seeds disappearing.
There is a possibility that paddy production will decrease this year due to low rainfall, but corn production will not be much affected.
There is a possibility of getting a good price when selling vegetables in the online market than in the local market, but this facility is not available to all farmers.
Even though potato production is good this year, farmers are disappointed because they are not getting a fair price in the market.
Due to the lack of fertilizer, there is a possibility of reduced production this year, but the farmers have not given up.
The use of plastic has a negative impact on the environment, but it is still difficult to find an alternative.
Nowadays, young people in the village are attracted to agriculture, but they lack proper training and facilities.
This year, there's less monsoon rain, so there's a shortage of water for irrigation.
Using compost fertilizer in the field increases the soil fertility compared to chemical fertilizer.
Even though the government subsidizes fertilizer for farmers, it's a problem when fertilizer isn't available on time.
This year, cardamom production is good, but farmers are worried because the market price has decreased.
Adopting modern agricultural technology instead of traditional methods increases production, but the cost also increases.
Improved varieties of rice yield more compared to local varieties.
Using cloth bags instead of plastic bags helps in environmental conservation.
Compared to before, agricultural information can now be easily found on mobile phones.
This year, apple production is good, but it's difficult to get them to market due to transportation problems.
How much subsidy can we get for wheat seeds for the field damaged by the flood?
What is the estimated price of vegetables this year?
When will the cooperative distribute fertilizer for rice to the farmers?
Where can we find improved seeds during the potato planting season?
How will this year's rainfall affect the maize crop?
Is there a fruit insurance plan here as well?
Is there a provision for soil testing after the flood?
Does the cooperative have a facility to rent tractors to farmers?
When will the training program on new technology for farmers be held?
How can we get compensation for the lentils destroyed by the flood?
What is the irrigation arrangement for water during rice planting season?
Do you get soybean seeds here, or do I have to order from outside?
What kind of support does this cooperative provide for cardamom farming?
What will the market price of chili be like this year?
When will the compost fertilizer making training be organized for farmers?
What should be done to increase rice production in the flood-affected area?
What kind of fertilizer is suitable for wheat crop in the winter season?
Is there a loan available for vegetable farming in the cooperative or not?
What is the support price fixed for paddy this year?
How to grow vegetables again in the field damaged by the flood?
Do you also get improved varieties of millet seeds here?
What kind of impact will climate change have on rice production?
Is there anyone here who gives information about potato farming?
When will the seeds be distributed to the farmers on subsidy?
Do you also have organic fertilizer making training here?
What kind of soil is needed to replant rice in the field damaged by the flood?
How much does an orange plant cost this year?
What percentage of discount is there on agricultural tools for farmers?
Is there any subsidy arrangement for wheat seeds here?
What should be done to grow vegetables again in the field swept away by the flood?
What is the estimated price of cardamom this year?
Is there a training program to inform farmers about improved seeds?
How to claim insurance for rice damaged by the flood?
Is there any facility here for farmers to test their soil?
What is the price of corn seeds this year?
Can we plant wheat again in the field washed away by the flood?
When is the training related to vegetable farming for farmers?
Are improved varieties of rice seeds available here?
What kind of problems might arise in orange production this year?
How to use fertilizer in a field damaged by the flood?
What kind of documents are needed here for farmers for agricultural loans?
What will be the market price of cardamom this year?
What should be done to replant rice in a field damaged by the flood?
Is there a provision for subsidies on vegetable seeds here?
When will the program to inform farmers about modern agricultural technology be organized?
Can corn be planted now in a field damaged by the flood?
How much does rice seed cost here?
What is the estimated wheat production this year?
What preparations should be made to grow vegetables again in a field damaged by the flood?
Since there will be a shortage of water in winter, plan to collect rainwater from now, otherwise the crops may dry up.
When using sprinkler irrigation on sloping ground, pay attention to the water flow, otherwise soil erosion may occur.
There might be disputes in canal irrigation water distribution, inform the local authorities on time.
Excessive groundwater extraction can lower the water table in the future, be careful.
If the pipes used in drip irrigation systems are not repaired on time, water can leak and be wasted.
When using chemical fertilizers in the fields, consider the irrigation schedule, otherwise it can affect the soil fertility.
If you irrigate without knowing the weather information at the time of sowing seeds, the seeds may rot.
During the rainy season, excessive water accumulation can cause the paddy crop in the field to rot, manage proper drainage.
When using a power tiller, the canal made for irrigation can be damaged, be careful.
When plowing the field with a tractor, the irrigation pipeline can be damaged, pay attention.
If irrigation maintenance work is not done on time, there can be great damage during drought.
There may be extreme water scarcity during drought, so plan for alternative irrigation.
When using canal irrigation water, do not pollute the water source, it can contaminate the water.
Sludge can accumulate in the pipes during drip irrigation, so clean them regularly.
In sprinkler irrigation systems, excessive wind can cause uneven water distribution.
Do not use groundwater without checking the water quality, it may contain harmful chemicals.
If the tank is not cleaned regularly when collecting rainwater, the water may contain germs.
There may not be enough water for irrigation in the winter season, look for alternative solutions.
Excessive rainfall during the Kharif season can damage the irrigation system, prepare in advance.
Lack of irrigation during the Rabi season can cause the crop to dry out, plan on time.
When changing the irrigation schedule, pay attention to the needs of the crop, otherwise production may decrease.
Excessive use of water when irrigating fields can cause soil erosion.
Before using new irrigation tech, learn about it well, or else there might be damage.
If the electricity supply for irrigation is irregular, there can be problems, make an alternative arrangement.
If you don't regularly maintain the motor used for irrigation, it can break down, pay attention on time.
Because of land fragmentation, there might be problems in irrigation management, make a collective effort.
If you throw garbage in the canal made for irrigation, the water flow can stop, keep it clean.
If pesticides are mixed in the irrigation water, it can affect the crops, be aware.
The equipment used for irrigation can be stolen, keep it in a safe place.
When making an irrigation plan, don't ignore the suggestions of local farmers, there might be problems.
If the water source used for irrigation becomes polluted, it can affect human health, be careful.
If the field boundary is weak when irrigating, water can leak and be wasted, repair it.
If the plastic pipe used for irrigation is damaged, water leaks and is wasted, pay attention.
If children go to play in the pond where irrigation water is collected, there can be accidents, arrange for safety.
If the lid of the rainwater harvesting tank is left open, dirt can fall into the water, close it.
If the filter used for drip irrigation is not cleaned regularly, the water flow can stop.
When doing sprinkler irrigation, if you don't pay attention to the wind direction, water can be wasted.
When extracting underground water, don't excavate without permission, there may be legal action.
If the dam made for irrigation is weak, there can be flooding, repair it on time.
When using canal irrigation water, unnecessarily wasting water can cause problems for other farmers.
Due to lack of water in the seed sowing season, if you can't plant crops on time, production may decrease.
The smoke from the diesel pump used for irrigation can increase pollution in the environment, take precautions.
Be careful, the electric wire used for irrigation is broken and can cause electric shock.
Using chemicals for irrigation can affect the environment, use carefully.
If moss grows in the irrigation water, it can block the flow of water, clean it.
If you don't inform all the farmers when making the irrigation schedule, there may be disputes.
If the water source used for irrigation dries up, the crops may dry up, look for alternative sources.
Replace the broken parts of the irrigation equipment in time, otherwise there may be further damage.
Poisonous creatures can enter the water tank used for irrigation, arrange for security.
If you don't pay the water bill for irrigation on time, the line may be cut, pay on time.
Because there is less water this year, farmers are coming to ask about how to manage the canal water.
Materials needed for drip irrigation are available here, interested farmers can inquire.
Many people are asking if there is a grant program for sprinkler irrigation.
Since it is wheat sowing season now, the demand for irrigation has increased a lot.
I am thinking of organizing a training to teach how to collect rainwater.
There seems to be a shortage of water this winter season, what to do?
I need to find out if some budget will come from the municipality for irrigation maintenance.
I will help women farmers who want to buy tools for irrigating their fields.
Many have applied for boring, but it is difficult due to electricity problems.
If we could make an irrigation schedule, maybe the water shortage could be reduced!
There is a problem when there is no proper management of irrigation along with improved seeds and compost fertilizer.
Many farmers are worried due to water shortage during rice planting.
This year, farmers who rely on rain are having problems because it didn't rain on time.
It would be easier for many if they could install pipes for canal irrigation.
Can we get a loan to install solar panels to run a motor for irrigation?
Farmers are having problems because the water pump broke down.
There's an idea to hold a small class to give information about drip irrigation.
Volunteers are needed to bring canal water to the fields.
Potatoes didn't grow well due to lack of irrigation in winter, what to do now?
The water collected during the rainy season can be used for irrigation in winter.
There is a plan to give discounts to women on equipment needed for irrigation.
This time, the corn planted in the field started to dry up because it didn't rain on time.
Farmers are worried because it costs a lot to extract underground water.
I need to go and find out if the government gives any grants for irrigation.
Should we form a group of women farmers and apply for an irrigation project?
The vegetables planted in the field started to dry up because they didn't get water on time.
Farmers are complaining because the canal water doesn't come regularly.
Production has decreased a lot due to improper irrigation management.
Wheat production is not going to be good this year due to lack of water.
We have submitted an application requesting assistance to build a pond to collect rainwater.
Farmers want to learn about new technologies for irrigation.
Due to the water problem, there may be a situation where the field has to be left barren.
Looks like I have to take a loan from the bank to buy the stuff needed for irrigation.
This year, the drought has caused a lot of problems for farmers.
Because of lack of irrigation, the crops planted in the field have started to dry up.
Thinking of discussing it in the village council to solve the water problem.
Should we give training to make the tools needed for irrigation?
The time has come to work together to repair the canal.
Due to lack of water, the paddy planted in the field did not grow well.
There is a plan to give special discounts to women to buy motors for irrigation.
It has been very difficult for farmers who rely on rainwater for farming.
Worried because the ground water level is decreasing.
Looks like I need to give advice on how to manage water for irrigation.
Due to lack of water, many farmers have stopped farming.
Should we take a loan from the cooperative to buy the pipes needed for irrigation?
Farmers are disappointed this year because it didn't rain on time.
Due to lack of irrigation, the fruits planted in the field did not grow well.
The time has come to make a new plan to solve the water problem.
There should be a provision for subsidies on the materials needed for irrigation.
It is more important to improve soil health by using compost fertilizer than to increase production by using chemical fertilizer.
The demand for organic fertilizer is slightly higher in winter compared to other times.
Vegetables produced using natural pesticides are much better for health than those produced using pesticides.
Organic fertilizer-grown vegetables get a bit more price in the market than those with normal fertilizer.
Instead of the youth migrating abroad, it's better to become self-reliant by doing organic farming.
Making compost fertilizer takes a little more effort compared to chemical fertilizer.
The use of organic fertilizer is a little less during the rainy season compared to other times.
Crops grown with organic fertilizer are much healthier than crops grown with chemical fertilizer.
It's better to sell organic vegetables and earn a little profit than selling pesticide-sprayed vegetables.
The number of farmers doing organic farming is increasing now compared to before.
Compost fertilizer benefits the soil more than other fertilizers.
The demand for organic products seems to be increasing next year compared to this year.
Even though organic fertilizer is a bit more expensive than chemical fertilizer, it has many benefits.
Natural pesticides affect the environment less than other pesticides.
The certification process in organic farming is a bit more complicated than in normal farming.
The government should invest more in organic farming than in other sectors.
Customers looking for organic vegetables are increasing compared to those looking for pesticide-sprayed ones.
Organic fertilizer increases the fertility of the soil compared to chemical fertilizer.
Managing fertilizer in organic farming is a bit more difficult than in other farming.
The price of organic produce is better this season than other seasons.
The quality of crops produced using compost fertilizer is much better than those produced using ordinary fertilizer.
The demand for compost fertilizer is very high during the planting season compared to other times.
The use of natural pesticides is considered safer than other pesticides.
The certification process for organic fertilizer is a bit more complex compared to chemical fertilizer.
The government should encourage organic farming more than other farming.
Consumers have started to prioritize organic products compared to other products.
It's better to produce healthy products using organic fertilizer than to produce quickly using chemical fertilizer.
More people know about organic products now compared to before.
Compost fertilizer benefits the soil's biological life more than other fertilizers.
The taste of produce using organic fertilizer is better than produce using chemical fertilizer.
Soil health is more important than other things in organic farming.
It is easier to use natural pesticides compared to ordinary pesticides.
There is less risk in organic farming compared to other farming.
Even though organic vegetables are more expensive than regular vegetables, they are good for health.
It is better to produce slowly using organic fertilizer than to produce quickly using pesticides.
The use of compost fertilizer benefits the soil a lot compared to other fertilizers.
The demand for organic products is likely to increase next year compared to this year.
Even though organic fertilizer is a bit more expensive than chemical fertilizer, it has many benefits.
The use of natural pesticides is more environmentally friendly compared to other pesticides.
Even though the certification process is a bit complicated in organic farming compared to normal farming, its demand will increase in the future.
The government should encourage more investment in organic farming than in other sectors.
The number of consumers looking for organic vegetables rather than those with pesticides is increasing.
Organic fertilizer helps to increase soil fertility compared to chemical fertilizer.
Even though managing fertilizer in organic farming is a bit harder compared to other farming, it has a lot of importance.
The quality of crops produced using organic fertilizer is much better and the price is also higher than those produced using normal fertilizer.
Producing with organic fertilizer is better for the environment than producing with pesticides.
Making compost fertilizer takes longer compared to chemical fertilizer.
Using natural pesticides is much safer compared to other pesticides.
The certification process is more complex for organic crops compared to other crops.
Organic fertilizer makes the soil health much better compared to chemical fertilizer.
We're running out of chicken feed in the store, we need to add it immediately.
The cooperative has arranged for loans at subsidized rates for cow farming.
This year, there is enough medicine in stock for goats in the store.
Improved breed semen is available for buffalo in the store, farmers can contact us.
The sheep wool processing machine in the store is broken, so it needs to be repaired.
The equipment needed for fish farming is available in the cooperative's store.
The cooperative is going to organize training to promote beekeeping business.
Informative books related to pig farming are also kept in the store.
There are enough warm clothes and medicines for yaks in the store.
The cooperative has introduced a livestock insurance plan, please inform all the farmers.
The cooperative is discussing providing subsidies because the price of animal feed has increased.
The necessary equipment for irrigation is available at subsidized prices in the cooperative's store.
The cooperative has introduced a new plan for power tillers, interested farmers can apply.
We have good quality fertilizer in the store, it's useful for vegetable farming.
The seeds needed for the Rabi season have arrived in the store, farmers please come and get them.
The cooperative has arranged loans for buying tractors.
Vitamins needed for livestock are also available in the store.
This year, there is enough medicine for foot-and-mouth disease in cows at the store.
The cooperative has brought in new technology to modernize buffalo farming.
Grass seeds needed for goats are available in the store.
The cooperative will help poultry farmers with transporting feed.
Beehives and other materials needed for beekeeping are found in the store.
It seems we need to manage a place to keep fish fry in the store.
Medicines and vaccines needed for pigs are always available in the store.
Arrangements for warm clothes for sheep will be made from the store itself.
The cooperative has planned to keep a yak milk processing machine in the store.
Farmers whose livestock insurance is about to expire, please come to renew it.
This year, the cooperative has introduced a new plan to increase livestock feed production.
The cooperative has a program to distribute improved breed cows to farmers.
Farmers who want to take training for buffalo farming should register their names at the cooperative.
The cooperative has started an insurance program to make goat farming business safe.
The cooperative will provide technical assistance to reduce losses in poultry farming.
The cooperative has introduced new technology to earn good income from beekeeping.
The cooperative is giving special grants to farmers for fish farming.
The cooperative has organized training to systematize pig farming.
Medicines needed for sheep farming are available in the cooperative's store.
The cooperative has planned to provide special facilities to yak farmers.
The cooperative will conduct mobile camps for livestock health check-ups.
The cooperative is preparing to establish a laboratory to test the quality of animal feed.
Improved variety of grass seeds for cows are available in the cooperative's store.
The cooperative has planned to encourage farmers to increase buffalo milk production.
Medicines needed for goats are available at subsidized rates in the cooperative's store.
The cooperative has arranged for technical advice to systematize poultry farming.
The cooperative will provide free training for beekeeping.
The cooperative will provide loans at low interest rates for fish farming.
The cooperative has arranged for vaccination to protect against diseases in pig farming.
The cooperative has introduced an insurance plan for sheep farming, please inform everyone.
The cooperative will help in the marketing of materials made from yak wool.
The cooperative is trying to reduce the price of medicines needed for livestock.
The cooperative aims to provide all the materials needed for livestock in one place in the store.
Now that the seed bank has cold storage, will the problem of storage insects in seeds be reduced?
Can we store graded grain in this warehouse?
Is there any insurance plan for the seeds stored in this warehouse?
How much is the charge for cold storage this year?
Is there a drying machine available in this warehouse?
Do you have any training for post-harvest loss reduction here?
Is there any equipment to check the quality of food grains in this warehouse?
Who should we contact if there is any problem with the seeds we store here?
Is there a seed packaging machine here too?
What kind of fertilizer can be stored in this cold storage?
Does the government provide any subsidy for the grain stored here?
Is there any special arrangement for controlling insects in the grain stored here?
What is the storage capacity of this warehouse for food grains?
Is there any temperature control system for the grain stored here?
Can we see the report of the seeds we stored here online?
What is the procedure for storing seeds in this warehouse?
Who takes responsibility for the security of the seeds stored here?
Is there any quality standard specified for the grain stored here?
Can we get a loan for the seeds we store here?
Is there good air circulation for drying grains in this warehouse?
What is the water management system like for the grain stored in this warehouse?
Are there any special precautions to take while storing grain in this warehouse?
Who provides compensation if there is any problem with the grain stored here?
Is there any government policy for the seeds stored here?
What's the time period for storing grains in this warehouse?
Is there any registration fee for the grain stored here?
Is there any renewal fee for the grain stored here?
Is there any discount available for the grain stored in this warehouse?
Is there any special scheme for the grain stored here?
Do I need to fill out any form while storing grain in this warehouse?
Are there any terms and conditions for the grain stored here?
Do we need to do any testing while storing grain in this warehouse?
Do I need to provide any information for the grain stored here?
Is any OTP required while storing grain in this warehouse?
Is there any ATM facility for the grain stored here?
Do I need to use any mobile app while storing grain in this warehouse?
Is there any tablet facility for the grain stored here?
Do I need to open an account while storing grain in this warehouse?
Is there any growth hormone available for the grain stored here?
Can we use any chemical fertilizer on the grain stored here?
In which season can the grain stored in this warehouse be kept safe, spring or winter?
What methods are adopted for food preservation in the grain stored here?
Is there a high chance of damage to the grain stored in this warehouse after the rainy season?
What things should we consider while grading the grains stored here?
Can we safely store the seeds we produced in this cold storage?
How to protect the grains stored here from storage pests?
Is the packaging of the grains stored here done well?
What kind of seeds are suitable for storage in this warehouse?
How can we prevent post-harvest loss while storing grains?
Farmers are complaining that it's become difficult to make export documents after the earthquake.
Due to unseasonal rain this season, there has been a lot of price fluctuation.
After not getting a fair price in the local market, I'm thinking of selling through cooperative marketing.
Farmers have not been able to get the right price for their produce because of middlemen.
There was a problem this year because the paddy production was not good in the Kharif season.
Farmers should be encouraged to sell directly; this will increase their income.
If you can sell your products using the online market, it will be very beneficial.
Due to the lack of fertilizer, planting crops was delayed this spring season.
As an agriculture officer, I am ready to provide the necessary export documents to the farmers.
Farming has become much easier with the use of power tillers.
We need to test whether the use of pesticides has affected the quality of the vegetables.
There is a high probability of increased production when using improved seeds.
Using compost fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer increases the fertility of the soil.
What documents are required to get an agriculture loan, please provide information.
This year the crops didn't grow well because it didn't rain on time, what to do now?
The price has increased a lot in the market, but the farmers haven't really benefited.
It is necessary to train the farmers in this agricultural market.
Farmers should be informed about agricultural insurance.
It seems necessary to study the impact of climate change on crops.
We need to teach how to fill out the form for government grants.
The agriculture office should provide technical assistance to the farmers.
There is a problem because there is not enough production according to the demand in the local market.
There is a transportation problem to deliver goods to the wholesale market.
It would be easier if we could start an online service to create export documents.
This year the crops have been diseased due to excessive rainfall.
It seems necessary to increase the use of modern technology in agriculture.
Farmers should be informed about soil testing.
The cost of the farmer should also be considered when determining the price of agricultural products.
Middlemen are exploiting the farmers, this should be stopped.
Even though there was good production this year's harvest season, it was difficult to get a good price.
Cooperative marketing has helped small farmers a lot.
How do I register to sell goods in the online market?
Farmers who use new technology in agriculture should be encouraged.
Farmers should be given timely weather information.
There should be proper management for storing agricultural products.
This year, hail during pre-monsoon destroyed a lot of crops.
We need to find out how using growth hormones affects crops.
There's a need to increase competition in the local market.
New plans should be introduced to attract young people to agriculture.
It seems like the marketing of agricultural products needs improvement.
Farmers should be taught how to make export documents in a simple way.
Farmers should be given timely information about price fluctuations.
Banks should be encouraged to increase investment in agriculture.
The demand for power tillers has increased a lot this year.
Public awareness should be raised to reduce the use of pesticides in the local market.
The government should subsidize improved seeds for farmers.
Cooperative marketing has provided great relief to farmers.
It was very difficult to get rice seeds this year.
Production decreased this Kharif season due to lack of irrigation.
Check if there is a cooperative loan arrangement to sell the paddy stored in the warehouse.
Apply for the fertilizer subsidy that the government provides.
Loans at low interest rates can be taken from agricultural banks during harvest time.
It rained a lot this year, the process for insurance claims should be started.
Don't forget to consult an agricultural expert before using pesticides.
Get your soil tested before planting potatoes, it increases production.
Start preparing now for the crops you'll plant in the post-monsoon season.
Increase soil fertility by using organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
If it rains when it's time to harvest rice, you'll have to claim insurance.
Register your name to receive the agricultural grants provided by the government.
Agricultural banks have arranged to provide loans at subsidized rates for rice planting.
Since the crops dried up this year due to lack of timely rain, I probably have to apply for insurance.
Take a loan from the cooperative and buy improved seeds.
Apply for the plastic tunnel provided by the government for vegetable farming during the rainy season.
Agricultural Development Bank provides cheap loans to buy modern tools for working in the fields.
Check the condition of the soil before planting crops, then use fertilizer.
Participate in the agricultural insurance scheme and ensure the safety of your crops.
To increase production, irrigate from time to time, and use irrigation equipment for that.
If the rice crop gets diseased, consult an agricultural technician immediately.
Use necessary safety equipment when working in the fields.
Increase production by using the improved seeds that have come in government grants.
Go to the agriculture office and apply for soil testing.
After harvesting the rice, manage the warehouse well for storage.
Take a loan from the cooperative and raise improved breeds of cows, your income will increase.
Don't forget to treat the seeds before planting crops.
Apply for the government subsidy on agricultural inputs.
Get info about the new scheme Agriculture Development Bank has for farmers.
Insure your farm produce and be worry-free.
Manage fertilizer needed for post-monsoon crops.
Go to a cooperative and ask about agricultural loans.
Prepare the documents needed for an agriculture loan.
You can apply for government agriculture grants online too.
If you have crop insurance, get the damage assessed and claim the insurance.
Start preparing to plant wheat this Rabi season.
Go to the nearest branch of the Agriculture Bank and get a farmer credit card.
Buy modern agricultural tools with the government subsidy.
Install irrigation equipment to manage the water needed for rice cultivation.
If you can't find workers during harvest, get help from the agricultural cooperative.
Contact your nearest agriculture office to participate in the agricultural insurance scheme.
Take a cooperative loan and install a motor for irrigation in the field.
Buy a tunnel with the government's agricultural grant and grow vegetables.
Learn about the new loan scheme brought by the Agricultural Bank and take advantage of it.
Make insurance mandatory to protect crops from natural disasters.
Arrange for the seeds and fertilizers needed for the Rabi season now.
Clean the warehouse well before storing the paddy.
Apply to the cooperative to buy agricultural tools with the grant provided by the government.
If the crop gets disease, use medicine immediately after consulting with an agricultural technician.
Take a loan from Agricultural Development Bank and start a modern agricultural farm.
Increase the fertility of the soil by using organic fertilizer in your fields.
Go to the cooperative and apply for subsidized agricultural loan.
Farmers should be encouraged to use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer in hilly areas.
This year, the production decreased because fertilizer for wheat was not delivered on time during the Rabi season.
If farmers had received training on making compost fertilizer, the use of chemical fertilizer would have been reduced.
Excessive use of urea fertilizer is decreasing the fertility of the soil.
It seems that the lack of DAP fertilizer will affect potato production.
It is necessary to explain to the farmers that the use of potash fertilizer increases the quality of potatoes.
If the use of organic fertilizer can be increased, the import of chemical fertilizer can be reduced.
There are complaints that the subsidy given on fertilizer has not reached the real farmers.
Due to not getting fertilizer on time, farmers are forced to change the planting time.
Excessive use of fertilizer increases acidity in the soil, making it difficult for crops to thrive.
The price of fertilizer has increased because it is difficult to transport fertilizer to hilly areas.
If compost fertilizer can be used as an alternative to chemical fertilizer, the soil health will be good.
The fertilizer subsidy provided by the government has not provided much relief to small farmers.
Many farmers have ruined their crops because they do not know the right time to use fertilizer.
The use of power tillers is increasing because it is difficult to get tractors to the hills.
Using organic fertilizer, even if production is a bit less compared to chemical fertilizer, it's beneficial for the long-term health of the soil.
Due to the lack of fertilizer, some farmers had to leave their fields barren this year.
As the use of chemical fertilizer has increased in hilly areas, the fertility of the soil has been decreasing.
Farmers are forced to use chemical fertilizers due to the lack of necessary materials to make compost fertilizer.
The government should strictly monitor to stop the black market of urea fertilizer.
Farmers have faced an additional financial burden to farm as the price of DAP fertilizer has increased.
Farmers should be informed that the use of potash fertilizer increases both the taste and production of vegetables.
After taking training on producing organic fertilizer, many youths in the village have been attracted to it.
Until the fertilizer subsidy distribution system is improved, real farmers cannot benefit.
Farmers have been forced to buy fertilizer at high prices because they don't get it on time.
Farmers should be made aware that excessive fertilizer use has a negative impact on the environment.
Cooperative organizations should be given the responsibility for easy availability of fertilizer in hilly areas.
Various programs should be introduced to encourage farmers to use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
Farmers have demanded that the government increase the amount of fertilizer subsidy.
Agricultural technicians should reach villages to inform farmers about the correct time and method of using fertilizer.
There is a problem transporting fertilizer in the hills because the road conditions are not good.
Using organic fertilizer increases soil fertility and also reduces water consumption.
Due to the lack of fertilizer, there seems to be a big drop in maize production this year.
To reduce the use of chemical fertilizers in hilly areas, local level organic fertilizer production should be encouraged.
The Rural Municipality should run camps to teach how to make compost fertilizer.
The increase in urea fertilizer price has caused a lot of problems for farmers.
Farmers should be informed about other fertilizers that can be used as alternatives to DAP fertilizer.
Farmers need to understand that the use of potash fertilizer increases fruit production.
The government should encourage industries that produce organic fertilizers.
The online form system for fertilizer subsidies has made it easier for farmers.
Due to not getting fertilizer on time, some farmers are forced to borrow money and buy it expensively.
Excessive fertilizer use has a negative impact on the soil's biodiversity.
To reduce the lack of fertilizer in hilly areas, cooperative organizations should be made fertilizer dealers.
Farmers should be provided with subsidies to use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
The government should increase fertilizer subsidies to provide relief to small farmers.
Agricultural experts should be deployed to villages to provide information on the correct time and method of using fertilizer.
If ropeways could be arranged for transporting fertilizer in the mountains, it would be easier.
Using organic fertilizer increases soil fertility and keeps the environment clean.
Many farmers were disappointed when they did not receive fertilizer on time for paddy in the Kharif season.
Farmers need to understand the importance of organic fertilizer to reduce the use of chemical fertilizer in hilly areas.
Farmers should be trained to make compost fertilizer for organic farming in hilly areas.
We need to teach farmers about how to save crops by using natural pesticides.
It is necessary to explain the importance of organic fertilizer to the farmers here.
The market for organic products will be good if consumer awareness can be increased.
Special programs should be introduced to promote organic farming in winter.
If you can improve soil health, production will increase.
The organic production certification process should be simplified.
Organic farm products should get a fair market price.
Farmers should be encouraged to do organic farming in the Rabi season.
It is necessary to teach farmers how to make compost fertilizer.
Organic farming is important to balance the soil's biological processes.
Consumer awareness programs should be conducted for marketing organic products.
Mulching technology in organic farming increases soil fertility.
Farmers should be given training on how to make organic fertilizer.
Consumers should be informed to increase the demand for organic products.
Natural resources should be used in organic farming.
When doing organic farming in the rainy season, attention should be paid to soil conservation.
Organic farming is effective in increasing soil biodiversity.
Certification of organic farming increases the credibility of the product.
The demand for organic products is increasing in the market.
The price of goods produced from organic farming is good in the market.
The use of compost fertilizer in organic farming strengthens the soil.
Consumer awareness helps to increase the sales of organic products.
We should provide farmers with the materials needed for organic farming.
Organic farming increases soil fertility and also protects the environment.
We need to fix the market price for organic products.
Government organizations should also help promote organic farming.
We should increase the use of organic fertilizer in this area.
It's good to use organic fertilizer when planting crops.
Farmers who do organic farming should be encouraged.
We should provide information about natural pesticides used in organic farming.
Organic farming should be done keeping in mind the biological health of the soil.
Consumers should be informed about organic products.
Mulching helps to maintain soil moisture.
Organic farming should be done using irrigation equipment.
Using compost fertilizer in organic farming reduces the need for chemical fertilizers.
The market premium for organic products encourages farmers.
Farmers need to understand the importance of organic farming certification.
Using organic fertilizer increases the fertility of the soil.
Production can be increased by using natural pesticides.
The market price of goods produced from organic farming is higher than others.
It is necessary to inform consumers about organic farming.
The use of compost fertilizer in organic farming keeps the soil healthy.
We should emphasize the organic materials needed for organic farming.
Certification of organic products increases access to international markets.
In organic farming, you have to pay attention to the soil's biological processes.
Farmers should get training and tech transfer for organic farming.
If you can't store winter wheat seeds well, the production goes down.
Saving local seeds in the hills is a big challenge; its quality needs attention.
This year, only store rice seeds after processing, otherwise there's a risk of fungus.
You can get good production by farming potatoes using improved seeds.
If you treat the seeds before planting, the plants will be healthy and less likely to get diseases.
Even though hybrid seeds are expensive, farmers are attracted because the production is high.
When storing seeds, protect them from cold and damp places, otherwise their germination capacity decreases.
This year I bought corn seeds from a certified seed distributor, let's see how it goes.
To maintain the quality of rice seeds in the hills, traditional storage methods need to be improved.
When preparing to plant vegetable seeds in the pre-monsoon, don't forget to treat the soil.
If farmers understand the importance of seeds, agricultural production can be increased.
Proper temperature and light should be arranged for seed storage.
To increase seed availability in hilly areas, cooperative organizations should establish seed banks.
When choosing mustard seeds this Rabi season, choose those with disease resistance.
If local seeds can be promoted, the agricultural system of the hilly region can be made sustainable.
Farmers have been advised to take seeds to the agriculture office to test the quality.
When storing seeds, put neem leaves to protect them from insects, it's effective.
Special attention should be given to preserving potato seeds in hilly areas, as it is a main crop.
If you use improved seeds, you need to manage fertilizer and irrigation properly.
This year the government is giving subsidies for wheat seeds, fill out the form and get it.
When choosing seeds, you should choose varieties according to your soil and climate.
It's difficult to transport seeds in the hills, so it should be produced locally.
If you can store potato seeds well, you don't have to buy them next season.
There are complaints that the quality of rice seeds has deteriorated this year, reducing production.
Consult with agricultural experts in time when selecting seeds for winter crops.
Plans should be made in time to prevent seed shortages in hilly areas.
When storing seeds, keep the sacks up and away from damp places.
This year I'm planning to use hybrid corn seeds to get a lot of production.
If the quality of the seeds is not good, production will not increase even with fertilization.
The government has urged farmers to use only certified seeds.
In the hills, ponds can be built to collect rainwater for seeds.
Special attention should be paid to prevent termites in the seed storage area.
When choosing lentil seeds this Rabi season, look for disease resistance.
Farmers who produce seeds in hilly areas should be encouraged.
Training and technical assistance are needed to improve seed quality.
Organic pesticides can be used to protect seeds from insects during storage.
By using improved seeds, high yields can be obtained in a short time.
Local knowledge and technology should be used for seeds in the hills.
This year, before planting potato seeds, you have to do seed treatment.
There should be a lab to check the quality of seeds.
Seed production center can be established in hilly areas.
When storing seeds, special attention should be paid to temperature control.
This Rabi season, when choosing wheat seeds, choose improved varieties.
In hilly areas, you should collaborate with cooperative organizations for seeds.
Farmers should be trained to improve seed quality.
When storing seeds, keep them in a dark place to protect them from light.
This year, the quality of paddy seeds is good, so there is hope for high production.
There should be a local market for seeds in hilly areas.
Modern technology should be used to maintain seed quality.
When storing seeds, proper measures should be taken to protect them from the cold.
Using compost fertilizer in fertile soil increases carbon sequestration, but using chemical fertilizer decreases it.
In mixed farming systems, maize cultivation contributes more to carbon sequestration than rice cultivation.
Fruit plants start bearing fruit quickly, but yours might take time, take care of them.
In our village, using power tillers saves both time and labor, but plowing with oxen takes a lot of time.
Planting fodder tree saplings in hilly areas is good for the environment, but cutting down trees indiscriminately is harmful.
This year, there was a lot of rain in the monsoon season, so paddy transplantation was good, but it affected other crops.
Maize planted in pre-monsoon gives good yield in monsoon, but late-planted maize is likely to get diseases.
In organic farming, using compost fertilizer makes the soil fertile, but chemical fertilizer weakens the soil.
Shade farming increases soil fertility, but open farming dries out the soil.
It takes a long time to grow timber trees, but fruit trees bear fruit quickly.
Fodder trees help in animal husbandry, but cereal crops sustain human life.
The wheat crop was good this Rabi season, but the mustard crop got diseased.
In hilly areas, instead of relying on rainwater for irrigation, it is better to build water harvesting ponds.
Fruit plants give income quickly, but timber trees act as an investment for the future.
Chemical fertilizer makes the crop grow immediately, but compost manure benefits the soil in the long term.
If the seeds are of good quality, the yield increases, but poor quality seeds reduce the yield.
This year's paddy production was less than expected during the harvest season, but the maize production was good.
It was difficult to plant paddy this year due to less water, but it was easy to plant millet.
Using improved seeds increases production, but using local seeds reduces the chance of disease.
Power tillers work fast, but oxen plow the soil well.
Fruit plants should be watered and fertilized regularly, otherwise they don't bear good fruit, timber trees don't need that much.
Fodder tree farming solves the problem of animal feed, but cereal crop farming provides food security for humans.
Potato cultivation in the hills requires a lot of fertilizer, but in the Terai, good production is possible even with less fertilizer.
Fruit trees give income quickly, but timber trees accumulate wealth for the future.
Mixed farming system increases soil fertility, but single farming system weakens the soil.
Fodder trees hold the soil together, but other trees cannot bind the soil that much.
The use of fertilizer increases production, but excessive use of fertilizer can damage the crop.
It is expected that paddy production will be good this year due to heavy rainfall in the monsoon, but the risk of landslides has also increased.
It's good to plant wheat in winter, but if you're late planting mustard, the yield decreases.
Using organic fertilizer keeps the soil healthy, but using chemical fertilizer weakens the soil.
Shade farming keeps the soil moist, but open farming dries out the soil.
Timber trees keep the environment clean, but fruit trees provide nutrition.
Fodder trees support animal husbandry, but food crops sustain human life.
Using crop-boosting hormones increases production, but it affects the environment.
Planting fodder trees is good in hilly areas, but cutting down trees randomly is harmful.
Fodder trees help in carbon storage, but using resin hinders it.
Using compost fertilizer in sugarcane farming is much better for soil fertility than using chemical fertilizer.
Water management is a bit more complex in sugarcane farming than in paddy farming.
The chances of disease are less in sugarcane farming compared to wheat.
Farmers have to wait longer to earn income from sugarcane than from maize.
It seems profitable to farm sugarcane this year since the price of vegetables has decreased.
There is less risk in sugarcane than in fruit farming like apples.
Sugarcane farming requires more investment than lentil farming.
Modern technology should be used to farm sugarcane compared to finger millet.
You have to work harder in sugarcane farming than in soybean farming.
Market management of sugarcane farming is easier than ginger farming.
Flat land is more suitable for sugarcane farming than cardamom farming.
The wheat wasn't good this winter, so it's best to plant sugarcane now.
It's better to plant sugarcane in the spring season than other crops.
It's important to get the soil tested when planting sugarcane, before planting rice.
Sugarcane seeds are a bit more expensive compared to wheat seeds.
You can use less fertilizer for sugarcane compared to rice.
Using a power tiller is more effective in sugarcane farming than in corn farming.
Sugarcane farming requires more effort compared to vegetable farming.
Sugarcane farming has less risk of pests and diseases compared to fruit farming.
The market price of sugarcane is more stable compared to spice crops.
Sugarcane needs more fertile soil than rice.
Sugarcane roots are stronger than wheat roots.
Sugarcane needs less irrigation compared to corn.
It's easier to protect sugarcane from insects compared to vegetables.
Sugarcane needs less care compared to fruits.
Sugarcane needs more space than lentils.
Sugarcane gives more income than millet.
The market for sugarcane is bigger than for soybeans.
Sugarcane can be stored for a longer time than ginger.
Sugarcane's price is less volatile than cardamom's.
Improved seeds are less available for sugarcane compared to rice.
Sugarcane farming needs more technical knowledge compared to wheat farming.
The government subsidy for sugarcane is less compared to corn.
It's harder to insure sugarcane compared to vegetables.
It's easier to get a loan for sugarcane farming compared to fruits.
Sugarcane needs more fertilizer compared to lentils.
Sugarcane needs more water compared to millet.
Sugarcane needs more fertilizer compared to soybeans.
Sugarcane needs more space compared to ginger.
Sugarcane needs more care compared to cardamom.
Sugarcane can be a better option than wheat in the Rabi season.
Compost manure is more useful for sugarcane compared to paddy.
Using mulch benefits sugarcane more compared to wheat.
Sugarcane needs a more suitable climate compared to corn.
There is less information about sugarcane diseases compared to vegetables.
It is said that there is less risk in sugarcane farming compared to fruits.
Sugarcane production is higher compared to lentils.
The market price of sugarcane is better compared to millet.
You can earn more income from sugarcane compared to soybeans.
It is easier to cultivate sugarcane compared to ginger.
Although timber trees take longer to grow than fruit plants, they have a higher value in the future.
Adopting a mixed cropping system instead of just planting corn helps to maintain soil fertility.
Using organic fertilizer increases soil carbon storage and keeps the environment clean, compared to using chemical fertilizer.
Using modern irrigation saves water and increases production, compared to traditional irrigation.
This time is good for animal husbandry because fodder production is higher in the rainy season than in the winter season.
Even though fruit farming requires more investment than rice farming, the potential for income is high.
Fodder grows faster than other crops, so it is the best option for animal husbandry.
Using chemical fertilizer increases production immediately, but reduces soil fertility in the long run, but organic fertilizer keeps the soil healthy forever.
This year, rice planting was delayed because it didn't rain on time, but I wish we could plant wheat soon.
Even though a tractor takes longer to plow the field than a power tiller, it can dig the soil deeper.
If you use mixed cropping, even if one crop has a problem, another crop can compensate.
Shade farming provides relief to plants in the summer and increases production, compared to farming in open spaces.
Even though it takes time to grow timber trees, it greatly contributes to carbon storage.
Using organic fertilizer improves soil quality compared to chemical fertilizer.
Production can be increased through modern farming systems compared to traditional farming systems.
Maintaining soil fertility is possible by planting mixed crops instead of planting the same type of crop.
Planting timber trees helps protect the environment more than planting fruit plants.
Income is faster when growing vegetables than when growing rice.
It is easier for animal husbandry when planting fodder, but it is a little difficult to manage.
Using compost fertilizer is better for the soil than using chemical fertilizer.
Rice production has decreased this year due to the drought, but we hope that wheat production will be good.
Modern tractors make work faster and easier than traditional plows.
Planting fodder grass makes livestock farming easier, but managing it is challenging.
Compared to fruit plants, timber trees benefit the environment more.
Instead of increasing production immediately with chemical fertilizers, it is better to do sustainable production using organic fertilizers.
Instead of planting a single crop, adopting a mixed cropping system improves soil health.
Instead of farming in the open, shade farming can protect crops in the summer.
Although fruit farming is riskier than rice farming, the income is higher.
Drip irrigation saves water compared to traditional irrigation.
Although timber trees take time to grow, they provide good income in the future.
Using organic fertilizer increases soil fertility compared to chemical fertilizer.
Planting mixed crops instead of a single type reduces the incidence of diseases and pests.
Planting fodder grass reduces the problem of animal feed for livestock, but it requires enough space.
Shade farming uses less water than farming in the open.
A power tiller works faster than a traditional plow, but it is not as powerful as a tractor.
Wheat farming requires less water than rice farming.
Fodder grass grows faster than fruit plants.
Using organic fertilizer improves soil structure compared to using chemical fertilizer.
Planting mixed crops instead of a single type balances various nutrients in the soil.
Although timber trees take time to grow, they help in carbon sequestration and keep the environment clean.
Planting fodder grass reduces costs for livestock farming, but it needs to be cut regularly.
Shade farming improves the quality of production compared to farming in the open.
Using organic fertilizer has less negative impact on the environment compared to chemical fertilizer.
Modern farming uses more technology compared to traditional farming.
Planting Napier grass reduces soil erosion, but it needs management.
Timber trees strengthen the soil more than fruit plants.
Shade farming has less disease and pest problems compared to open field farming.
Using organic fertilizer makes the crop taste better than using chemical fertilizer.
Even though timber trees take time to grow, they provide habitat for wildlife.
Planting Napier grass solves the problem of animal feed, but it needs regular watering.
How long does it take to connect an electricity line when installing a solar pump in Terai?
Is it possible to rent a power tiller during wheat sowing season this year?
How beneficial is it to irrigate using a solar pump because less rain is falling due to climate change?
How reliable is the information shown by the weather app during rice planting?
Has the government introduced a program to subsidize solar pumps this Rabi season?
How can I find out about improved seeds from a mobile app?
How much does spraying medicine with this new drone spraying technology affect the seeds?
How to get information about fertilizer and seeds using a mobile app in the Terai field?
Where can I get training to operate a solar pump?
Does using greenhouse technology for vegetable farming affect the quality of the seeds?
The crops dried up this year due to lack of rain, will the government arrange cheap loans for solar pumps?
Is there a method for making compost fertilizer in the field on the mobile app?
Can we use a mobile app to get weather info and know when to put fertilizer?
Is there anyone in the village who knows how to operate a power tiller?
Which seeds is greenhouse technology suitable for in this area?
Do we need to do a soil test when installing a solar pump?
Has the government introduced a plan to subsidize drone spraying?
Where can I find the parts needed for a power tiller?
Can the weather app give information a week in advance?
Can we find out from a mobile app what kind of seeds are good to plant this Rabi season?
What documents are needed to apply for a solar pump?
Has the government introduced a program to subsidize power tillers for farmers this year?
How does climate change affect seed production?
Can we find out the price of seeds on the mobile app?
Is there a company providing drone spraying services in this area?
Does the government provide training for greenhouse technology?
What kind of seeds are good to plant this year's Kharif season?
Does the local government also provide some assistance for solar pumps?
Is there a feature to test soil fertility in the mobile app?
Where should I go to get training on operating a power tiller?
Has the government introduced any new schemes for solar pumps this year?
Does production increase if we apply fertilizer according to the information shown in the weather app?
Does using greenhouse technology save water?
What kind of compost fertilizer is good to use in this area?
Where is the government office that gives information about solar pumps?
Has the government brought any programs for seed subsidies this year?
Is it possible to get a loan for greenhouse technology?
How much does it cost to rent a power tiller this year?
How much savings can we expect after installing a solar pump?
Can the weather app give information about floods?
Which company's solar pump is good in this area?
What precautions should be taken when doing drone spraying?
Where to complain if there is wrong information about seeds in the mobile app?
Can we grow off-season vegetables using greenhouse technology?
Where is a place to repair power tillers nearby?
Due to water scarcity, we should reduce the use of chemical fertilizers and use compost fertilizer instead.
Excessive use of urea fertilizer damages the soil, farmers should understand this.
Many farmers faced problems this year due to not getting fertilizer on time, the fertilizer schedule should be managed.
Do you know that using organic fertilizer instead of DAP fertilizer increases soil fertility?
If potash fertilizer is used more than necessary, it negatively affects the crop.
We need to see if the government's fertilizer subsidy has reached small farmers or not.
If we can increase the use of compost fertilizer in winter, we can reduce the use of chemical fertilizers.
When using fertilizer in the Kharif season, use it only after checking the water situation.
When using chemical fertilizer in the monsoon, be careful because the water can wash it away.
Many farmers are using chemical fertilizers because they don't know how to make compost fertilizer.
Farmers should be informed that excessive use of chemical fertilizers damages the soil structure.
There are complaints about irregularities in the distribution of subsidized fertilizer, it should be improved.
If fertilizer is not used at the right time, production decreases.
The information about the subsidy given by the government on fertilizer should reach the farmers.
We should find alternatives to other fertilizers to reduce the use of urea fertilizer.
Farmers are having problems because the price of DAP fertilizer has increased.
Potash fertilizer should be used only after testing the soil.
When using fertilizer in the pre-monsoon, water availability should be considered.
When using fertilizer in winter, soil moisture should be considered.
When using fertilizer in the Kharif season, rainfall forecasts should be considered.
Fertilizer should not be used in places where water accumulates during the monsoon season.
The use of chemical fertilizers has a negative impact on the environment.
The distribution of subsidized fertilizer should be made transparent.
Using fertilizer at the right time increases the quality of the crop.
Farmers should be encouraged to use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
Farmers should be informed about the subsidy given by the government on fertilizer.
Reduce the use of urea fertilizer and use other fertilizers.
The price of DAP fertilizer has increased, so farmers should get relief.
When using fertilizer in the pre-monsoon, the water situation should be considered.
Using compost fertilizer increases the fertility of the soil.
Using chemical fertilizer has a bad effect on the environment.
Using fertilizer at the right time improves the quality of the crop.
We should encourage farmers to use compost fertilizer, chemical fertilizer spoils the soil.
You can get a loan for a power tiller from the cooperative, it's available at a low interest rate.
The government has provided grants for fruit plants, let's inform the farmer groups.
If you need training to make compost fertilizer, we can help.
The government should give subsidies to farmers who produce compost fertilizer.
Using improved varieties of wheat seeds in this year's Rabi season is likely to increase production, which is much better than traditional seeds.
Instead of grains getting damaged by insects in the warehouse, it's better to use modern storage technology.
Instead of farmers drying paddy in the sun and storing it, drying it using a modern dryer improves the quality.
Sending goods to the market with proper grading and packaging increases the price, otherwise you are forced to sell cheaply.
Using organic pesticides to control pests is better for both the environment and health than using chemical pesticides.
It is better to use new and quality seeds than to use seeds damaged by floods, otherwise the production will not be good.
Using a power tiller when planting paddy saves time and labor, which is much more beneficial than plowing with oxen.
Using compost fertilizer in the field increases soil fertility and keeps the environment clean compared to chemical fertilizer.
Using jute bags instead of plastic bags for food preservation is more environmentally friendly.
It is much easier to watch informative videos on mobile than to go to a remote village for food preservation training.
Instead of selling goods in the local market, you can reach more customers by selling on online platforms.
Instead of traditionally saving seeds, it's better to get improved seeds from a seed bank; production increases.
Instead of ruining the soil with chemical fertilizers, using organic fertilizer is beneficial for both the environment and the crops.
Instead of looking for laborers during harvest time, using modern agricultural equipment saves both time and money.
Instead of preserving food using old technology, taking training in new technology is useful for the future.
To increase production, it's not enough to just have good seeds; they must be properly watered and cared for.
When storing rice, it is safer to store it in silos than in sacks, and the possibility of pests is reduced.
Instead of raising oxen to work in the fields, buying a power tiller makes a lot of work faster and easier.
Instead of looking for loans in the village, taking an agricultural loan from a cooperative is much easier and safer.
When using pesticides, instead of using them indiscriminately, it is better to test the soil and use only the required amount.
Instead of plastic packaging, emphasizing eco-friendly packaging is the need of the hour.
Compared to before, farmers are now starting to understand the importance of food preservation.
Instead of storing grain in a normal warehouse, storing it in an air-conditioned warehouse maintains the quality for a longer time.
Instead of relying on canals to irrigate the fields, using irrigation equipment saves time.
Compared to the traditional ढिकी (dheki) used for threshing rice, rice milled from a modern rice mill is cleaner and of better quality.
In today's world, it is much easier to search for agricultural information on a mobile phone than to listen to it on the radio.
Instead of relying on rainwater during rice planting, it is better to arrange for irrigation, which allows timely planting of crops.
When storing grain in villages, it is safer to use modern grain storage containers than to use traditional भकारी (bhakari).
Instead of increasing immediate production by using chemical fertilizers, it is better to focus on the long-term health of the soil by using compost fertilizer.
Instead of burning the fields after harvesting, it is better for the environment to use modern technology to make fertilizer.
Selling to middlemen in local markets, farmers get better prices selling through cooperatives.
Using organic pesticides is safer for health than using chemical pesticides.
It's better to use a dryer than drying in the sun to save seeds during the rainy season.
Using modern equipment to cut rice is faster and saves time than using a sickle like before.
Using biogas is better for the environment than using firewood in villages now.
Using compost fertilizer increases soil fertility, rather than chemical fertilizer decreasing it.
Proper warehouse management to reduce post-harvest loss is better than keeping it in the open.
Using new and improved seeds is better for production than using old seeds.
Farmers ensuring food security by storing in modern ways is better than traditional storage.
The government has given a lot more subsidies in agriculture now compared to before, which has given relief to farmers.
It's better to prevent disease in crops than to treat it after it occurs, so pay attention on time.
Using a modern dryer to dry grains is better quality and dries faster than drying in the sun for storage.
Adopting organic methods to control pests is beneficial for both the environment and health than using pesticides.
Regularly checking and airing grains during storage reduces the chance of pests, rather than just storing them in sacks.
The demand for cold stores is increasing in the Terai region for food preservation, which has proven to be much more effective than before.
The soil after the earthquake may have low nutrients, so get a soil test before using chemical fertilizers.
Don't forget to show your ID card when taking urea fertilizer from the cooperative.
Using DAP fertilizer at the time of planting strengthens the roots.
Proper use of potash fertilizer can increase potato production.
Use organic fertilizer as much as possible, chemical fertilizer affects the soil in the long term.
To make compost fertilizer, also mix in earthworm fertilizer, it's even better.
By using biofertilizers, the use of chemical fertilizers can be reduced.
Contact the cooperative to apply for fertilizer subsidy.
When planting rice, put the right amount of chemical fertilizer, too much is not good.
Using too much fertilizer reduces the fertility of the soil, so use only a balanced amount.
Be careful when using fertilizer during the monsoon season, there is a risk of it being washed away by water.
Use fertilizer according to the condition of the soil during the harvesting season.
It is best to use fertilizer after testing the soil in the post-monsoon season.
When sowing wheat, fertilizer should be used according to the soil.
To make compost fertilizer, mix cow dung and other organic matter properly.
To ensure good seed germination, use fertilizer only after soil testing.
When irrigating, chemical fertilizer can dissolve in water and flow away, so be careful.
Before using pesticides, check the soil condition and adjust the amount of fertilizer.
If there is a lack of essential nutrients in the soil, urea fertilizer can be used.
DAP fertilizer increases the amount of phosphorus in the soil.
Potash fertilizer increases the plant's ability to fight disease.
Encourage the use of organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
To get fertilizer subsidy, you have to show the land ownership certificate of your land.
The time to use fertilizer varies according to the needs of the soil and the crop.
It is better to use less fertilizer than to spoil the soil by using too much.
Don't use fertilizer in places where water collects during monsoon.
After harvesting, the soil needs fertilizer, so test the soil.
Using fertilizer in winter is good for the soil.
It's good to use compost fertilizer when planting rice.
When going to the cooperative to get fertilizer, don't forget to register your name.
Farmers should be trained to reduce the use of chemical fertilizers.
You can fill out the online form for fertilizer subsidy.
Use urea fertilizer according to the soil test report.
Potash fertilizer increases the quality of fruits.
Biofertilizer increases the fertility of the soil.
The deadline for applying for fertilizer subsidy is approaching.
Use fertilizer correctly when planting crops.
Using too much fertilizer has a negative impact on the environment.
Using fertilizer during rainfall benefits the plant.
Give the soil a rest during harvest time.
Get the soil tested before planting the next crop.
Encourage farmers to use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
Take training to learn how to make compost fertilizer.
Prepare the soil with fertilizer before planting seeds.
Take safety measures when using chemical fertilizers.
Contact the cooperative to get info about fertilizer subsidies.
Consult with an agriculture expert to know the right time to use fertilizer.
Use a balanced mix of organic and chemical fertilizer to increase soil fertility.
Manage manure properly to make compost fertilizer in hilly areas.
Young farmers should be encouraged to use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
It's good to use potash fertilizer when planting wheat.
Women-led farms should be trained to reduce the use of urea fertilizer.
Use DAP fertilizer only after testing the soil.
Use the correct amount of fertilizer when planting crops, otherwise it can cause over-fertilization.
Pay attention to fertilizer management when planting rice in the monsoon season.
Learn how to make compost fertilizer to reduce the use of chemical fertilizer.
Contact the agriculture office to get fertilizer subsidies in hilly areas.
Using potash fertilizer when planting mustard seeds increases the oil content.
Register your name in the agriculture group to get training on making organic fertilizer.
Young farmers should use bio-fertilizers instead of chemical fertilizers.
Use urea fertilizer in appropriate amounts when cultivating wheat in winter.
Consider the soil fertility when using fertilizer.
Using earthworm fertilizer is effective for making compost fertilizer in hilly areas.
Excessive use of chemical fertilizers reduces soil quality.
Go to the agriculture office to apply for fertilizer subsidy.
Using potash fertilizer increases potato production in the hills.
Use less urea fertilizer when planting rice.
Use cow dung when making compost fertilizer.
Young farmers should do organic farming using organic fertilizer.
Use fertilizer properly when planting wheat seeds.
It's good to use fertilizer on a schedule in hilly areas.
Let's learn to use bio-fertilizers instead of chemical fertilizers.
Soil testing is essential to avoid over-fertilization.
When planting corn in the Kharif season, keep the fertilizer amount balanced.
Contact the local agricultural cooperative to get fertilizer subsidies.
Using potash fertilizer increases the size of potatoes when planting potatoes in the hills.
Use various vegetable scraps to make compost fertilizer.
Young farmers should pay attention to soil health when using fertilizer.
Use urea fertilizer in wheat crops as needed.
Production increases if fertilizer is used at the right time.
Organic fertilizer production should be increased in hilly areas.
Using DAP fertilizer increases the amount of phosphorus in the soil.
Learn to fill out the online form for fertilizer subsidies.
Using potash fertilizer increases rice production in the hills.
The use of chemical fertilizers reduces soil fertility.
Use earthworms to make compost fertilizer.
Young farmers can earn income by producing organic fertilizer.
Learn the things to consider when using fertilizer for winter crops.
Don't use fertilizer when it's time to harvest the crops.
To manage fertilizer in hilly areas, coordinate with cooperative organizations.
The use of chemical fertilizer increases acidity in the soil.
To get fertilizer subsidies, you need citizenship and land ownership certificate.
When growing corn in the hills, using potash fertilizer increases production.
Young farmers should learn how to make compost fertilizer and teach others.
Inform the cooperative on time to prevent fertilizer shortages.
This mobile app gives fertilizer info, but it doesn't even work in our area, what's the use!
I took drone spraying training, but it's hard to get a license, how am I supposed to work?
This weather info app always gives wrong info, who's going to fix it?
I bought a power tiller, but it's so hard to find its parts, where should I even look?
The government said they'd give subsidies for solar pumps, but even after filling out the form, there's no news.
This year, not having water on time caused a lot of problems when planting seeds.
I heard a lot about greenhouse technology, but I couldn't find anyone to give info about it.
There are many who talk about precision farming, but no one knows where to find the necessary equipment.
This new mobile app shows seed prices, but there's no dealer's number, how to contact them?
The weather app said it would rain, but it's sunny, how to trust it like this?
I wanted to take a loan for a power tiller, but the bank asks for so many documents, how will farmers manage?
There are so many procedures to get permission for drone spraying, I don't even feel like doing it.
When I farmed according to the information shown on this weather app, the crops were ruined.
I went to ask about the new tractor, but the seller didn't give proper information.
It's been months since I applied for a solar pump, but there's still no news.
This mobile app has wrong information about seeds, it's deceiving the farmers.
There's no one to repair power tillers in the village, it costs a lot to take it to the city.
There is a drone spraying service, but the rent is so expensive, how will poor farmers pay?
I suffered a lot of loss relying on the information from this weather app, what to do now?
No one gives clear information about the government subsidy for tractors.
It costs a lot to install a solar pump, the government should give more subsidies.
This mobile app doesn't even have information about the fertilizer needed for our crops.
We have to go far to get training to operate a power tiller, it would be so easy if it was in the village.
The drone spraying company didn't work as they said, they just took the money and left.
The information provided by this weather app is always wrong, how can it be improved?
It's very difficult to get a loan to buy a new tractor, the process should be made easier.
If the solar pump breaks down, there's no one to fix it, it's always a problem.
The price of seeds is always different in this mobile app, who to trust?
It's very difficult to find spare parts for the power tiller, it's always a problem.
The people who provide drone spraying services charge a lot of money, but they don't do a good job.
The crops got ruined trusting this weather app, who's gonna pay for the damage?
When I go to the agriculture office to ask about new tractors, nobody cares.
It's been so long since I applied for the solar pump, but still no news.
This mobile app doesn't even have info about the medicine needed for the crops.
The training to operate a power tiller costs too much, how can poor farmers pay?
I heard a lot about the drone spraying service, but it's so expensive.
I lost so much trusting the weather app, what to do now?
It's so hard to get a loan to buy a new tractor, what to do?
My solar pump has been broken for months, but it's hard to find someone to fix it.
The mobile app has wrong info about seeds, who's gonna fix it?
It's so complicated to get permission for drone spraying, they should make it easier.
Go to the agriculture office to get info about the government's agriculture subsidy program.
Read the rules carefully before applying for crop insurance.
Understand the import-export policy on time to prevent fertilizer shortages.
Coordinate with the government to provide seeds to farmers at subsidized rates.
Use improved seeds to increase rice production this year.
It is necessary to cooperate with local bodies for the development of agricultural infrastructure.
Consult an agricultural expert before using pesticides to control insects.
Only sell seeds according to the standards set by the government.
Inform farmers about credit facilities and assist them in the process.
Harvest the crops on time and manage proper storage.
Only use chemical fertilizer after getting the soil tested from the agricultural extension service.
Increase the demand for wheat seeds for this year's Rabi season.
Inform the farmers about the land reform program brought by the government.
Explain the importance of agricultural insurance to the farmers and encourage them to get insured.
Get the quality of the seeds tested before planting rice.
Contact the commerce office to get information about the changes in import-export policy.
Sell seeds only at the price fixed by the government.
Help farmers gather the necessary documents to get loans easily.
Coordinate with the local government for the construction of agricultural infrastructure.
If the crop is diseased, immediately inform the agricultural service center.
Encourage farmers to use improved varieties of seeds.
Help farmers apply for government subsidies.
Coordinate with importers to provide seeds on time.
Conduct programs in villages to inform farmers about land reform.
Participate in crop insurance schemes to protect crops from natural disasters.
Gather the necessary documents to get credit facilities.
Pay attention to the proper use and maintenance of agricultural infrastructure.
Discuss with the agricultural extension service staff from time to time.
Distribute informational materials to inform farmers about government programs.
Pay special attention when storing seeds during the rainy season.
There's a high demand for potato seeds this year, manage it on time.
Don't sell seeds without checking their quality.
Coordinate with the bank to provide loans to farmers at low interest rates.
Help with land management for the construction of agricultural infrastructure.
Organize training to inform about crop diseases and pests.
Determine the price of seeds according to the standards set by the government.
Help farmers prepare the necessary documents to get agricultural loans.
Create new plans for the development of agricultural infrastructure.
Coordinate with the agricultural extension service center and teach farmers new technologies.
Contact the local level's agriculture development branch and apply for grants.
It seems there will be high demand for rice seeds this year, import them on time.
Provide farmers with information about land ownership.
Motivate farmers to participate in the agricultural insurance program.
Provide information about the procedures required to get a loan from the bank.
Participate in the agricultural infrastructure development program brought by the government.
With the help of the agricultural extension service, inform farmers about modern farming systems.
Have the quality of the seeds tested before storing them in the seed bank.
Help farmers fill out the online form for government subsidies.
Visit the Ministry of Agriculture's website to learn about new agricultural policies and programs.
Teach the farmers how to use agricultural tools.
Using organic methods to control pests is much safer than using chemical pesticides.
Using chemical fertilizer might make the crops thrive immediately, but integrated pest management keeps the soil healthy in the long run.
Farmers who have taken pesticide safety training have less risk when using pesticides; those who haven't might be careless.
Chemical pesticides kill insects, but biological control protects the environment.
Chemical fertilizer increases production immediately, but organic fertilizer benefits the soil in the long term.
Using local seeds increases disease resistance, while improved seeds are more likely to get diseases.
Using pesticides kills insects, but it reduces soil fertility; organic methods also keep the soil safe.
Wearing a jacket when using pesticides is safe; not wearing one can affect the skin.
Raising Boer goats is much more profitable than raising local goats.
Integrated pest management protects the environment; using pesticides negatively affects the environment.
Chemical fertilizer makes crops grow faster, but organic fertilizer keeps the soil healthy.
Using organic pesticides is better for the environment than using chemical pesticides.
Improved seeds help increase production, but local seeds maintain the soil's biodiversity.
Chemical pesticides kill insects, but organic pesticides protect the environment.
Treating seeds before planting reduces the chance of disease; not treating them can lead to disease.
Using chemical pesticides kills insects immediately, but in the long run, it reduces soil fertility.
Wearing a mask is mandatory when using pesticides; not wearing one can cause breathing problems.
Integrated pest management helps reduce costs; using pesticides increases costs.
Chemical fertilizer increases production, but organic fertilizer increases soil fertility.
When using pesticides, you have to be careful, carelessness can cost you your life.
Improved seeds increase production, but local seeds increase disease resistance.
It takes time to control pests with organic pesticides, chemical pesticides work immediately.
Using organic fertilizer reduces production, but increases soil fertility.
Using chemical fertilizer increases production immediately, but reduces soil quality in the long run.
It is good to use organic pesticides to protect seeds from fungus, chemical pesticides affect the environment.
Chemical fertilizer grows crops quickly, but organic fertilizer benefits the soil in the long term.
The use of pesticides kills insects, but it negatively affects the environment, organic pesticides protect the environment.
When using pesticides, you should wear gloves for protection, not wearing them affects the skin.
Using compost fertilizer is better for the environment than using chemical fertilizer to increase production.
Although chemical pesticides kill insects, they have a negative impact on the environment, organic pesticides protect the environment.
Using chemical fertilizer results in quick production, but using organic fertilizer increases soil fertility.
The use of pesticides kills insects immediately, but reduces soil fertility in the long run, organic pesticides benefit the soil.
Using improved seeds increases production, but local seeds help protect the environment.
Using chemical fertilizer results in quick production but reduces soil fertility, using organic fertilizer increases fertility.
This year the crop was not good because we didn't get fertilizer on time, we didn't even get the input subsidy that the government promised.
It is very difficult to get cooperative credit in the name of women, they ask for collateral.
The Agricultural Bank said it would provide loans to women farmers at concessional rates, but no one here has even heard of it.
When you go to claim crop insurance, the employees make various excuses and send you back.
Only the cronies of the leaders get the grants that the government promised, when will farmers like us get them?
This year, we had to just stare at the sky because there was no rain when it was time to plant rice, and we didn't get a crop loan either.
Microfinance takes high interest, it only makes poor farmers drown more in debt.
When going to the cooperative to buy seeds, you always have to stand in line, the cooperative credit management is very weak.
Many farmers have stopped farming because the agriculture bank doesn't give loans on time, how long will this go on?
It's been three months since I applied for the insurance claim, still no news.
There's so much hassle to fill out the agriculture grant form that the government announced, how will the villagers fill it out?
Many women farmers have been displaced because they couldn't repay the loan taken from the cooperative, the cooperative credit policy should be changed.
The agriculture bank asks for so many documents to give a loan that farmers don't even dare to take a loan.
The agriculture bank employees don't talk to the farmers nicely, they don't even care when asked about loans.
This year, the rice was infested with insects and there was a lot of damage, I'm worried about what to do with the crop loan.
Many farmers are afraid to take loans because the agriculture bank's rule is that land must be mortgaged when giving loans.
The agriculture bank hesitates to give loans to small farmers, it only gives to the big ones.
It's been months since I applied for a loan from the agriculture bank, still no news has come.
The agriculture bank asks for the land certificate to give a loan, where will landless farmers bring it from?
The agriculture bank doesn't even have the feeling that they should give loans to farmers.
The agriculture bank asks for bribes to give loans, where will poor farmers bring it from?
How does the land reform program brought by the government help small farmers?
What documents are needed to join the crop insurance scheme?
Is fertilizer available in this warehouse or not, and if so, is it available on subsidy?
What policy has the government taken for agricultural infrastructure development?
How much does the import-export policy affect local farmers?
Does the government have a plan to provide loan facilities at low interest rates for farmers with low investments?
How much subsidy can be expected on paddy seeds this monsoon season?
How does the technical service help farmers to do soil testing?
What is the land ownership transfer process under land reform?
What kind of programs has the government introduced to attract youth to agriculture?
What percentage of subsidy does the government provide on equipment needed for irrigation?
Where to apply for crop insurance and what is the process?
How does the government provide agricultural loan facilities, is collateral required for this?
What is the role of the local government in agricultural infrastructure development?
What has the government done to manage the import and export of agricultural products?
When does the government program to distribute improved seeds to farmers start?
What kind of training does the agricultural extension service provide to teach new technologies to farmers?
Is there a special provision for women farmers in the land reform program?
What plans has the government made to reduce the impact of climate change on agriculture?
What percentage of subsidy has the government provided on the seeds available in this warehouse?
How to ensure the sustainability of the structures built under agricultural infrastructure?
How does the crop insurance program protect farmers from risk?
How to get information about the loan facility launched by the government targeting small farmers?
What kind of taxes has the government imposed on the import and export of agricultural products?
Is there a provision for the government to provide subsidies on agricultural tools?
What kind of help does the agricultural extension service provide to farmers to protect crops from pests and diseases?
What should be done for the effective implementation of the land reform program?
How much chemical fertilizer will the government provide to farmers this year?
How does the development of agricultural infrastructure affect local employment?
How long does it take to complete the crop insurance claim payment process?
What has the government done to make loans easily available to farmers?
What processes have been adopted to simplify the import and export of agricultural products?
Is there a training arrangement to inform farmers about the use of fertilizers?
How is the government trying to make the agricultural extension service more effective?
How does the land reform program help landless farmers?
What is the government doing to provide irrigation facilities to farmers?
How to involve the local community in the construction of agricultural infrastructure?
How much fee do farmers have to pay to participate in the crop insurance program?
What incentives has the government given to increase investment in the agricultural sector?
What should be done to solve the problems seen in the import and export of agricultural products?
What is the process of the subsidy that the government gives to small farmers on seeds?
How does the agricultural extension service inform farmers about modern farming systems?
How is land classified under the land reform program?
What long-term plan has the government made for the development of the agricultural sector?
Does the government give subsidies to farmers to buy agricultural tools?
Has the government made a mobile app to give agricultural information to farmers?
What is the land ceiling rule in the land reform program?
What has the government done to promote the use of technology in agriculture?
Does the government give loans to farmers to buy improved seeds?
Training is needed to get our products to the export market.
As a young farmer, I want to enter the export market.
Lack of storage space in warehouses is causing problems in the export market.
The government should provide grants to promote the export market.
We need help to get local products to the export market.
The export market is expected to be good this year.
The quality of this product must be tested for the export market.
Is it possible to send the goods we produce to the export market?
We need to adopt new technology to compete in the export market.
Production should be done according to the demand of the export market.
We should be careful when setting prices in the export market.
Young farmers can work together to strengthen their presence in the export market.
Transportation arrangements should be easy for sending goods to the export market.
How to promote our goods in the export market?
We need to look for new opportunities in the export market.
How safe is it to send goods to the export market in the current situation?
We need information about the taxes when sending goods to the export market.
How to register my product in the export market?
What are the necessary documents for sending goods to the export market?
A workshop should be organized to provide information about the export market.
There is a possibility that demand will increase in the export market this season.
The capacity of the warehouse should be increased to send goods to the export market.
The demand for our product in the export market is increasing.
It may be necessary to take a loan from the bank to send goods to the export market.
Insurance arrangements should be made to send goods to the export market.
We should get a fair price to send goods to the export market.
The packaging arrangement should be good to send goods to the export market.
What should be done to maintain the quality of our product in the export market?
What kind of facilities has the government provided for sending goods to the export market?
We can cooperate with cooperative organizations to send goods to the export market.
How long does it take to send goods to the export market?
Which country is suitable for sending goods to the export market?
Through which means should we send goods to the export market?
What are the policies and regulations for sending goods to the export market?
Which body should be contacted to send goods to the export market?
Where can I get training for sending goods to the export market?
What kind of certificate is needed for sending goods to the export market?
What kind of language should I use for sending goods to the export market?
What kind of culture should I pay attention to for sending goods to the export market?
What kind of customers should I target for sending goods to the export market?
What kind of advertising should I do for sending goods to the export market?
What kind of website should I create for sending goods to the export market?
What kind of app should I create for sending goods to the export market?
What kind of social media should I use for sending goods to the export market?
What kind of strategy should I adopt for sending goods to the export market?
What kind of risks are there for sending goods to the export market?
What kind of benefits are there for sending goods to the export market?
What kind of challenges are there for sending goods to the export market?
Young farmers should be encouraged to send goods to the export market.
Making compost fertilizer takes a long time, isn't there a faster way?
Even using organic fertilizer, the production wasn't as expected, what to do?
This year, I couldn't control the pests with just natural pesticides, I lost a lot.
You have training programs for women farmers, but we don't have any free time.
It's really hard to put fertilizer in the field, I wish the government would provide tractors on subsidy.
There's a market problem to get a fair price for the organic vegetables we produce.
Nobody gives information on where to go for soil health testing.
Had problem not getting good fertilizer during planting time.
The fertilizer making training didn't give enough information about soil biology.
It's hard to get fertilizer even after monsoon, it's always like this.
The process of getting organic farming certificate is complicated, it should be made easier.
It's difficult to find people to work during harvest time.
Farming without pesticides is a problem because of too many insects.
It's getting too expensive to gather the materials needed to make compost fertilizer.
Haven't received the market premium that the government announced yet.
We women farmers need tools that make it easier to work in the fields.
The government should help farmers who do organic farming, but nobody cares.
Production has decreased when using organic fertilizer as an alternative to chemical fertilizer.
There is no one in the village to teach how to make compost fertilizer.
Consumers should be informed about organic farming, but nobody is paying attention.
Couldn't make fertilizer because of the problem of water accumulation in the field during the rainy season.
It's also difficult to get wheat straw needed to make fertilizer.
There is no one to teach how to make natural pesticides.
The compost fertilizer making training given by the government was not effective.
There is a problem transporting the materials needed for fertilizer.
There is low demand for organic products in the market, so the price is not good.
Soil testing costs too much, how can poor farmers do it?
This year, not enough rain on time made it hard to make compost.
Making compost is too much hassle, so we're forced to use chemical fertilizer.
Organic farming reduced production so much that it's hard to manage household expenses.
Having enough space to make fertilizer is a problem.
Even when using organic fertilizer, bugs ate the crops, what to do?
It's very difficult to put compost fertilizer in the field.
A lot went to waste because I didn't know a good way to make fertilizer.
You have to run around a lot to get the government grant for organic farming.
Organic fertilizer production is much lower compared to chemical fertilizer.
There should be programs in the village to give information about organic farming.
The materials needed to make compost fertilizer are not always available.
It's very difficult to find a market to sell organic vegetables.
Natural pesticides can't kill all the bugs, what to do?
The government subsidy for fertilizer always comes late.
Organic farming takes a lot of effort, but the income is low.
Compost making training is only in the city, never in the village.
There's no way to know how much fertilizer the soil needs.
Consumers don't want to pay a lot for organic produce.
This year, too much rain in the monsoon made it hard to make fertilizer.
Doing organic farming is not as easy as using chemical fertilizer.
Many farmers in the village don't know about compost fertilizer.
It's very difficult to get a loan from the government for organic farming.
Nobody believes that you can earn good income from organic farming.
Mice have caused a lot of trouble this post-earthquake Rabi season, what to do?
In our field, a viral disease destroyed the potatoes, will the cooperative provide any help?
The potato planting season has started, but I'm worried about the trouble caused by mice.
In this mountain, fungal disease has destroyed many farmers' orange orchards.
I've heard that using organic pesticides instead of chemical pesticides doesn't harm the environment.
The earthquake damaged the fields, and on top of that, we are troubled by insect infestations.
Has the cooperative given any advice on how to avoid post-monsoon diseases?
Is it true that excessive use of chemical pesticides affects the soil?
Please give some information about wheat diseases in the Rabi season.
The earthquake destroyed the house, and then the insects ate the crops, how to survive now?
What should be done to avoid potato diseases in this Rabi season?
Does the cooperative provide improved seeds that are less susceptible to disease?
What precautions should be taken to protect crops in this post-earthquake Kharif season?
Crop insurance might not compensate if there are problems with potatoes stored in cold storage, farmers!
Using substandard fertilizer in the greed for subsidies can reduce production, be aware.
Investing without knowing about the new agricultural program brought by the government is risky.
Putting produce in cold storage without improving the land is like wasting your investment, so think carefully.
If you don't do crop insurance on time, you might regret it if there's damage from natural disasters.
When taking a loan from a cooperative to invest in cold storage, only sign the agreement after understanding the interest rates.
Trying to run a cold storage without agricultural infrastructure can cause a lot of losses.
Import-export policies might change, so understand the market price before storing.
Crops planted in the spring season are likely to get diseases, so get them checked regularly.
Using chemical fertilizers in cold storage can affect the environment, so be careful.
Due to lack of water during rice harvesting season, production might decrease, so look for alternative solutions.
Corn planted in the Kharif season is at risk of pests, so control pests on time.
There might be a shortage of fertilizer when farming wheat in the Rabi season, so manage it beforehand.
Driving a tractor without training can cause accidents, so be careful.
Use safety measures when using a power tiller, otherwise you might get hurt.
Using hormones in cold storage can have negative effects on health, so pay attention to its use.
Using pesticides without asking the agricultural extension service staff can destroy the crops.
If proper water management is not done in cold storage, the produce might rot.
If you build a cold storage without meeting the standards set by the government, you might not get the grant.
Farmers who don't own land might have difficulty getting loans, so take initiative to improve the land.
Problems can arise if there is no electricity for the cold storage, so arrange for alternative energy.
Accidents can happen if workers working in cold storage are not given safety training.
When using new agricultural technology, don't use it without training, it might break.
If you don't check the quality of the crop before storing, you might lose money, so get the quality checked.
If you put too much stuff in the cold storage, it might spoil, so only put as much as it can handle.
If you don't repair the equipment needed for the cold storage on time, it can cause big damage.
Take safety measures to prevent fire in the cold storage.
If you use improved seeds without the help of agricultural extension service, you might not get any yield.
If you don't pay the employees working in the cold storage a fair salary, they might quit.
If you don't have all the necessary documents for the government grant, you might not get the grant.
If you don't keep the temperature right in the cold storage, the goods might spoil, so keep the temperature right.
If you don't manage the air properly in the cold storage, the goods might rot.
If you don't insure the cold storage, you might have problems if there is a big loss.
If you don't test the soil before planting crops, the yield might be low, so get the soil tested.
If you don't have a security guard in the cold storage, it might get stolen, so hire a security guard.
If you do traditional farming without knowing about the government's agricultural programs, you might lose money.
If there is too much cold in the cold storage, it can be hard to work, so work safely.
If you take out a loan without knowing about credit facilities, you might have to pay high interest.
If you use chemicals in the cold storage, it can affect your health, so be careful.
Import-export policies might change and prices might drop, so think before you store.
If you don't participate in the land improvement program, it might be hard to increase production.
If you submit false information when applying for crop insurance, your claim might not be paid.
If you don't wear a mask and gloves for safety when working in the cold storage, it can affect your health.
If you don't fill the grant form with correct info, it might get cancelled.
If you don't submit the required documents for the agriculture loan on time, you might not get the loan.
If you don't control pests in the cold storage, the crops might get damaged.
If you spread false rumors about the agriculture grants the government gives, you might get in trouble.
If you keep too much old stuff in the cold storage, the quality can go down, take it out on time.
If the electricity voltage is low in the cold storage, the equipment might break, get the voltage checked.
If you don't get regular health checkups for the staff working in the cold storage, they might get sick.
When using a mobile app to get weather info in Terai, sometimes you might get wrong info because of network problems, be careful.
Because many young people have gone abroad during rice planting season, it might be difficult to rent a tractor.
If you use compost fertilizer without testing the soil, it can cause imbalance in the soil.
If you spray pesticide without taking drone spraying training, it can seriously affect your health.
There's a chance of hailstorm, protect your irrigation equipment.
If you only farm based on weather forecasts, sometimes you can have big losses in the Kharif season.
If you don't take safety measures while operating a power tiller, there might be an accident.
Using too much pesticide will decrease the soil's fertility.
Because of climate change, if it rains out of season, it can wash away the compost fertilizer.
If you don't find manpower to work in the fields, rice planting might not happen on time.
After the young people moved to the city, it's difficult to even find fertilizer in the village.
If you unnecessarily use greenhouse technology tempted by government grants, there is a risk of getting into debt.
Many farmers are scared to run solar pumps because they are afraid of electric shock.
As the youths go abroad, there's a higher chance of the fields being barren.
Relying only on mobile app info during the rainy season while working in the field can cause lightning strikes.
Using pesticides can have a negative impact on the environment.
When using modern agricultural technology, don't forget traditional knowledge.
There might be a water shortage for rice farming, so plan for irrigation.
Not taking agricultural insurance in this day and age can cause big losses.
If you don't know how to use mobile banking, you might have to ask others for help to withdraw money.
Using only chemical fertilizer without using organic fertilizer can damage the soil.
Using modern technology without training can cause accidents.
If it doesn't rain during the Kharif season, planting rice can be delayed.
Getting an agricultural loan can be a hassle because you have to gather a lot of documents.
Precision farming requires a lot of investment, so it can be difficult for small farmers.
Take care of your health when using pesticides.
Using plastic mulch can increase pollution in the soil.
Greenhouse technology can be damaged during storms.
Planting seeds without weather information can waste the seeds.
As the youths migrate abroad, it's difficult to find people to do agricultural work in the village.
Operating a power tiller without an experienced person can cause an accident.
Using compost fertilizer without properly decomposing it can cause disease in the crops.
Pay attention to the wind speed when doing drone spraying, otherwise the medicine can be wasted.
If you don't get the government grant for the solar pump on time, it can be a problem.
Pre-monsoon, unseasonal rain can damage the crops.
When using new technology, you shouldn't completely abandon the old technology.
If you don't know the right amount of water when irrigating, the plants might die.
Using too much pesticide to control pests can reduce the soil's fertility.
After the youths go abroad, there might be problems with the livestock insurance plan.
The information shown on the mobile app might be wrong, so consult with local farmers.
If there's a shortage of fertilizer during rice planting season, production might decrease.
If you don't have the electricity needed for greenhouse technology, it can be a problem.
Take safety precautions when operating a power tiller, there could be an accident.
When doing drone spraying, it can affect nearby settlements, be careful.
Pay attention to quality when installing a solar pump, otherwise it might break down quickly.
Relying on the weather information shown on the mobile app and going to the field, there might be a risk of snakes.
If you don't filter compost fertilizer well, weeds might grow.
If you don't pay the agricultural loan on time, you might get blacklisted.
Starting precision farming without getting enough information, the investment might be lost.
Since the weather keeps changing in the post-monsoon season, crops might get diseases, be aware.
Using improved seeds in the Terai without testing the soil first can be risky.
You might get cheated in the name of hybrid seeds, so only buy after checking the seed quality.
If you ignore local seeds, there might be challenges in conserving them in the future.
If the temperature isn't right in the cold room when storing seeds, they might get ruined.
If you plant seeds without treating them, soil diseases can affect them.
If you don't use certified seeds only, the production might not increase as expected.
When choosing seeds, don't forget to pick ones that suit your local climate and soil.
Using chemical fertilizers can reduce soil fertility, so be careful.
Before planting seeds in the monsoon season, consider the soil condition properly.
If you don't take safety measures when treating seeds with pesticides, it can seriously affect your health.
If you can't manage the necessary fertilizer and water when planting improved seeds, you might not get good production.
If you store seeds without testing their quality, they are likely to get moldy.
If you don't prioritize disease-resistant seeds when choosing, the crop might get diseases.
If we don't conserve local seeds, future generations might not understand their importance.
If you use hybrid seeds repeatedly, their production capacity might decrease.
If you store seeds in a damp place, they won't germinate.
If you use the wrong method when treating seeds, it can reduce their germination ability.
When buying certified seeds, buy only from authorized sellers, they might be fake.
If you don't know the soil's acidity when planting improved seeds, it will affect production.
When choosing seeds, if you use old seeds, they might not germinate well.
If local seeds are not improved with modern technology, the risk of them disappearing increases.
Using too much chemical fertilizer for hybrid seeds reduces the soil's organic quality.
If you don't take proper measures to protect seeds from insects when storing them, the seeds can be destroyed.
If you don't measure the amount when treating seeds with pesticides, it can harm the soil itself.
If you buy certified seeds without checking the label, you might get cheated.
If you plant improved seeds without irrigation, you might not get good yield.
If you choose poor quality seeds, both time and investment can be wasted.
If you don't promote local seeds, there might be challenges to food security in the future.
If you plant hybrid seeds and don't pay attention to increasing soil fertility, the yield can decrease.
If you store seeds in a place where light gets in, the quality of the seeds decreases.
If you plant seeds directly without treating them, the insects in the soil can eat the seeds.
If you buy certified seeds without checking their authenticity, you might get fake seeds.
If you plant improved seeds and don't use enough compost fertilizer, the soil fertility decreases.
If you don't prioritize disease resistance when choosing seeds, the crop can be damaged.
If you use local seeds without knowing about them, you might not get good yield.
Hybrid seeds might have high production, but their nutritional value can be low.
If you store too many seeds in one place, they can spoil due to lack of air circulation.
If you use the wrong pesticide when treating seeds, the seed's germination ability can decrease.
When buying certified seeds, it might not meet the standards set by the government, so pay attention.
If you plant improved seeds and don't use modern technology, production can be low.
If you don't choose seeds suitable for your area, you might not get good yield.
If we only rely on foreign seeds without conserving local seeds, food security might be at risk.
Hybrid seeds need a lot of water, so production can decrease if there is a lack of water.
If you don't store seeds in a cool, dry place, they might lose their ability to germinate.
If you don't wear protective gear when treating seeds, it can affect your health.
If you only use certified seeds, you might not know about other seeds.
If you plant improved seeds without checking the soil fertility, production may decrease.
If you don't consider climate change when selecting seeds, the crops can be ruined.
If local seeds are ignored, future generations might forget their importance.
If only hybrid seeds are prioritized, local seeds might disappear.
How much does it cost for the organic farming certification body to provide services to farmers in hilly areas?
Can we have compost making training in the village?
What would be the market price of vegetables grown using natural pesticides?
What should be done to increase soil fertility when doing organic farming this Rabi season?
Do we need training on how to make compost to get organic certification?
Can consumer awareness programs be run in hilly areas?
How does the compost we make improve the soil's biological processes?
Can training be provided to make natural pesticides for organic farming?
How would it be if we cultivate potatoes using organic fertilizer this winter?
Do materials produced using natural fertilizers get a fair price in the market?
How long does the organic farming certification process take?
How effective is using natural pesticides on crops?
Can you help us find a market for the organic vegetables we produce?
How to use local resources to make compost fertilizer?
Is there a soil testing lab available in the hilly region?
Do we need to do soil health checkup while doing organic farming?
How to run consumer awareness programs for organic products?
Can we check the quality of the organic fertilizer we made?
Where can we find the materials needed to make natural fertilizer?
Where can we find the seeds needed for organic farming?
Is there any criteria for determining the price of goods produced from organic farming?
What should be done to increase soil fertility while doing organic farming?
How to certify the organic goods we produce?
What kind of policy is needed to promote organic farming in hilly areas?
Can natural pesticides kill all the insects that infest crops?
Is there a provision for subsidies for farmers to make compost fertilizer?
What should be done to find a market for the goods produced from organic farming?
Can we start an organic fertilizer production industry in the village?
Can we do a program in the village to provide information about organic farming?
Are there trainings to provide information about diseases and pests in organic farming?
Where should I go to get information on how to make natural pesticides?
What kind of support does the government provide for organic farming?
Is there no need for chemical fertilizer when using compost fertilizer?
How to promote the market for organic farming products?
How much does it cost to certify the products we produce?
How to use compost fertilizer to improve the soil's organic health?
What can be used instead of chemical pesticides when doing organic farming?
What is the market demand for products produced using natural fertilizers?
Can farmers be trained on how to make compost fertilizer?
What kind of challenges can arise when doing organic farming?
What documents are needed for organic farming certification?
What is the role of soil in organic farming?
How to run a consumer awareness campaign for organic products?
Can the demand for organic products be increased in the local market?
Can farmers be informed about how to make compost fertilizer?
How can the organic farming certification process be expedited?
How to store products produced from organic farming?
Where can we find seeds and fertilizers used in organic farming?
How to inform consumers about organic products?
Where can I find improved breed fries for fish farming?
Are grass seeds for animal feed also available in this seed bank?
Is there any special training for goat rearing targeting young people?
What kind of loan can I get to start poultry farming?
What should I do to earn good income from cow farming?
What's the process for the government subsidy for buffalo farming?
What kind of environment is there for sheep farming in this place?
Where can I get training to use modern technology in beekeeping?
Can I find the necessary feed for pig farming here?
How to know if this place is suitable for yak farming or not?
What new technology has come in fish farming, can I get information?
How to insure livestock, can I get information here?
How to manage animal feed according to the crop season?
What is the plan for fish farming to attract youth to agriculture?
Is there any help available here to raise improved breed cows?
Where can I find the necessary medicines for buffaloes?
How to protect goats from diseases in goat farming?
How to manage feed in chicken farming?
Where can I find modern equipment for beekeeping?
What kind of environment is needed in this place for pig farming?
What kind of support has the government provided for sheep farming?
How to earn more income from yak farming?
How to manage water for fish farming?
Should animal feed be changed according to the crop season?
What's there for animal husbandry to attract youth to agriculture?
How much does it cost to build a modern shed for cow farming?
How to treat diseases in buffalo farming?
Where can I find good grass seeds for goat farming?
Where to get chicks for chicken farming?
How to increase honey production from bee keeping?
How to protect from diseases in pig farming?
What kind of place is needed for sheep farming?
What kind of diet is needed for yak farming?
What kind of fish is good to farm in fish farming?
Why should livestock be insured?
How much does animal feed cost according to the crop season?
What should be done to attract youth to agriculture?
What kind of environment is needed for cow farming?
Where can I get training for buffalo farming?
What kind of place is needed for goat farming?
What kind of place is needed for chicken farming?
What kind of place is needed for bee keeping?
Where can I get training for pig farming?
What kind of grass should be fed in sheep farming?
What kind of support has the government provided for yak farming?
How to get a loan for fish farming?
How much do you have to pay when insuring livestock?
How to manage animal feed according to the crop season?
What should be done for fish farming to attract youth to agriculture?
Farmer brothers, keep the soil healthy by using organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
Reduce the use of urea fertilizer and increase the use of compost fertilizer, it increases soil fertility.
It is better to test the soil before planting seeds in pre-monsoon and then use fertilizer.
Farmers should use organic fertilizer required for wheat instead of DAP fertilizer.
Use potash fertilizer only according to the soil's need, too much use can be harmful.
Contact the agriculture office to get the fertilizer subsidy provided by the government.
It benefits the crop when fertilizer is used by making a schedule.
Using too much fertilizer in the field spoils the soil, so use it in a balanced way only.
Check the soil condition before planting paddy in the Kharif season and then use fertilizer.
Use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer when growing vegetables in the spring season.
Put compost fertilizer in the field before the monsoon starts, it makes the soil fertile.
When using mulch in the field instead of fertilizer, weeds are controlled and soil moisture is maintained.
For good production, improved seeds and organic fertilizer should be used together.
When using fertilizer, adjust the amount according to the type of soil.
Excessive use of chemical fertilizers has a negative impact on food security.
To reduce chemical fertilizer use, the government should subsidize organic fertilizer.
You can find the things you need to make compost fertilizer in the village, so use that.
To stop the black market for urea fertilizer, the government should increase monitoring.
Take advice from an agriculture expert to use other fertilizers as alternatives to DAP fertilizer.
A lack of potash fertilizer reduces the ability of crops to fight disease.
Submit the necessary documents to the agriculture office to apply for fertilizer subsidies.
Pay attention to the timing of fertilizer use; it's not helpful if used at the wrong time.
Instead of using a lot of fertilizer in the field, test the soil and use only the necessary amount.
Plan on time to avoid fertilizer shortages during the monsoon season.
Keep the soil healthy by using organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer in the spring season.
Pay special attention when using fertilizer in fields where water accumulates during the monsoon.
Using mulch in the field instead of fertilizer saves water and increases production.
Processing the soil with organic fertilizer before planting seeds makes the plants healthy.
Contribute to environmental protection by using compost fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
The government should encourage increased production of organic fertilizer as an alternative to chemical fertilizer.
Participate in agricultural training to learn how to make compost fertilizer.
The use of urea fertilizer increases the acidity of the soil, so reduce its use.
The use of DAP fertilizer increases the amount of phosphorus in the soil, but too much use is harmful.
Ashes can be used instead of potash fertilizer; it gives the soil the necessary elements.
You can fill out the online form for fertilizer subsidy; it saves time.
Check the weather before applying fertilizer, don't use it during rain.
Using too much fertilizer in the field increases the chance of crop disease.
Using fertilizer properly when planting rice in the monsoon season increases production.
Use compost fertilizer when growing vegetables in the spring season, it softens the soil.
Don't let water accumulate in the field during monsoon, it reduces the effectiveness of the fertilizer.
Using mulch in the field instead of fertilizer keeps the soil temperature balanced.
Mix organic fertilizer in the soil before planting seeds, it provides necessary nutrients to the seeds.
Using organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer keeps the soil fertile for a longer time.
Use earthworms to make compost fertilizer, it prepares the fertilizer quickly.
Use cow dung fertilizer instead of urea fertilizer, it makes the soil organic.
We suggest farmers to use fertilizer only after testing the health of the soil damaged by the flood.
We have arranged training to teach farmers how to make compost fertilizer.
We have provided various plant seeds to prevent soil degradation.
We explain to farmers that adopting crop rotation increases soil fertility.
This year we have brought improved seeds for winter crops.
We have arranged subsidies for irrigation equipment for the farmers.
The use of power tillers should be increased as it reduces labor and increases production.
We have arranged compost pits to make the soil fertile in the fields.
We also have the kits needed for soil testing.
We teach farmers what to consider when selecting seeds.
We inform that we should use fertilizer according to the soil's needs.
We have emphasized the use of organic fertilizer to increase soil fertility.
We provide various trainings to farmers to conserve the soil.
We provide the materials needed to make compost fertilizer at subsidized rates.
We advise farmers to plant trees to avoid soil degradation.
We teach farmers that crop rotation maintains the balance of nutrients in the soil.
We inform farmers about the importance of green manure.
Lime should be used to keep the acidity of the soil balanced.
We have brought a special plan for soil conservation before the rainy season.
This year we have distributed improved varieties of wheat seeds to the farmers.
Using modern equipment for irrigation saves water.
Power tillers are popular because they save time and labor.
We have done sample demonstrations to teach farmers the correct method of fertilizing.
Fertilizer should be used according to the soil test report.
We have paid special attention to the quality of seeds.
We have encouraged the use of organic fertilizer to improve soil health.
We explain the importance of soil conservation to the farmers.
We have distributed pamphlets about how to make compost fertilizer.
We conduct various programs to prevent soil degradation.
We have shown farmers informative videos about the benefits of crop rotation.
Using green manure increases the amount of nitrogen in the soil.
We've been running camps in villages to test the soil's acidity.
We've provided subsidies for rice seeds.
We help farmers build tunnels for irrigation.
We've arranged training for power tiller maintenance.
We encourage farmers to properly manage fertilizer.
We've coordinated with a lab for soil testing.
We've set up a helpline number to get information about seeds.
We've encouraged the use of organic pesticides to improve soil health.
We've created a mobile app to give farmers information about soil conservation.
Using compost improves the physical properties of the soil.
We distribute bamboo plants to prevent soil erosion.
Green manure increases the soil's water absorption capacity.
We've encouraged the use of limestone to control soil acidity.
We've arranged special discounts on wheat seeds.
We subsidize the pipes that farmers need for irrigation.
Using power tillers has made it much easier for women farmers.
Manage fertilizer on time for the upcoming Rabi season, there might be a shortage later.
If the price drops in the local market, take it to the wholesale market, you might get a better price.
Join a cooperative farming system to avoid price fluctuations.
Find a way to sell directly since middlemen eat up a lot of the profit.
Advertise your product in online markets, customers can contact you directly.
Keep the documents needed for export ready, an opportunity might come up.
Manage your storage well to protect from pre-monsoon floods and landslides.
Potatoes are produced a lot in winter, so the price might drop, sell patiently.
Get a soil test before using fertilizer, you'll avoid unnecessary costs.
Take training to make compost fertilizer, you can reduce the use of chemical fertilizers.
Coordinate with the cooperative to rent a tractor, it might be cheaper.
If there is low demand in the local market, contact a large wholesale market nearby.
Download an agriculture app on your mobile to keep track of price fluctuations.
Get a fair price for your product by participating in cooperative marketing.
Build a good relationship with customers when selling directly, it will be beneficial in the future.
Pay attention to quality when exporting, it ensures a long-term market.
Vegetable prices are likely to rise in the pre-monsoon, so sell on time.
Adjust the proper temperature to prevent potatoes from rotting when storing in winter.
Consider the soil fertility when using fertilizer.
The quality of the product increases when using compost fertilizer, you get a good price in the market.
Maintain the tractor on time, so there are no problems during planting.
Pay attention to customer feedback in the online market, it helps to improve the product.
Cooperative marketing gives small farmers access to a large market.
If you find out the price went down because of middlemen, inform the agriculture office.
Get information about the quality standards needed for exporting.
Increase storage capacity to get a good price for wheat in the Rabi season.
Adopt new methods to increase demand in the local market.
Sell your produce at different times to avoid price fluctuations.
Grade your produce before taking it to the wholesale market, it's easier to get a good price.
Bring various discount schemes to attract customers when selling directly.
Use a secure method for payment in the online market.
Manage transportation well when exporting.
Manage irrigation to protect crops in the pre-monsoon.
Make plastic tunnels to protect vegetables from frost in winter.
Follow the standards set by the government when using fertilizer.
Use local resources when making compost fertilizer, it reduces costs.
Keep a stock of necessary spare parts for the tractor, it will be useful in time.
Maintain transparency in cooperative marketing, it increases the trust of members.
Provide accurate information about your product in the online market.
Use improved seeds to increase production in the Rabi season.
Give your product a distinct identity to compete in the local market.
Form farmer groups to provide information about price fluctuations.
Increase your contacts in the wholesale market, you can find new opportunities.
Unite the farmers to avoid middlemen.
Pay attention to packaging when exporting, it keeps the product quality safe.
Consult with an agriculture expert for the correct use of fertilizer.
Using compost fertilizer increases soil fertility, increases production.
Using a tractor saves time and labor, reduces costs.
Use attractive photos and videos to attract customers in the online market.
Cooperative marketing enables farmers to compete in the market collectively.
Farmers doing organic farming in this hilly region are having a lot of problems because there is no crop insurance.
The process to get cooperative loans is very complicated, it should be made easier.
Farmers are frustrated because they don't get fertilizer subsidies on time.
Agricultural banks hesitate to give loans to small farmers, how is this supposed to work?
Many crops were ruined this Rabi season because they didn't get fertilizer, who will compensate?
It's been a long time since I applied for a crop loan, it hasn't been approved yet.
Microfinance takes high interest, how are poor farmers supposed to survive?
Many farmers have been deprived because they don't get information about government subsidies on time.
There is a fear of being cheated because there is no system to check the quality of seeds and fertilizers.
When going to claim insurance, the employees give unnecessary trouble.
It would have been good if I had received training on how to make compost fertilizer.
This year the crops dried up due to drought, but the government did not provide any relief.
Many farmers don't get agricultural loans due to collateral problems.
Nobody comes to the village to give information about crop insurance.
Agricultural Development Bank asks for too many documents just to give a loan.
The government should give subsidies for organic fertilizer too.
Insurance companies don't give compensation on time when crops are damaged.
There's a rumor that you need a leader's connection to get subsidized loans, is that true?
There is no provision for subsidies on agricultural tools in this hilly region.
The government doesn't care even when floods wash away crops during the rainy season.
To reduce pesticide use, there should be subsidies for organic pesticides.
There is a compulsion to be affiliated with a farmer's group to get crop loans.
This time the potato seeds weren't good, so production decreased, who should I tell?
The government's investment in agriculture is like pouring water on sand.
Many women are stressed because they can't pay the microfinance installments.
There are many problems because there is no agricultural insurance office in this place.
There is a complaint that only those with access get the government subsidy money.
For agricultural loans, the bank only asks for the land certificate, I don't have anything else.
The growth hormone that the government said they'd give to farmers hasn't been found yet.
It was late to farm because the cooperative didn't give the loan when they said they would.
The agricultural bank should prioritize small farmers, but they don't.
This year the potatoes got a disease, but insecticide wasn't found.
There is a situation where you have to take out a loan even to pay the crop insurance premium.
Organic farming gives less yield, but the government doesn't encourage it.
The process for government subsidies is so complicated that farmers give up.
Because agriculture technicians don't come here, it's hard to identify crop diseases.
Microfinance lending on group guarantees has caused a lot of problems.
Nobody comes to the village to give information about agricultural insurance.
The government should increase fertilizer subsidies, otherwise it's hard to farm.
This time rice production has decreased, but the government doesn't seem to be giving compensation.
To get an agriculture loan, you have to gather a lot of paperwork when filling out the form.
Because the cooperative delayed giving the loan, we couldn't buy fertilizer on time.
I've heard that banks take commission from the government's subsidy money.
This year there was a lot of snow, so the wheat crop was ruined, who's going to look after it?
Because they couldn't pay back the microfinance loan, their house and land are about to be auctioned.
Information about government agriculture subsidies should come to our mobiles by SMS.
There's a complaint that instead of giving loans to farmers, the agriculture bank invests in the city.
This Rabi season, production decreased due to fertilizer shortages, the government did nothing.
The government should give special subsidies to farmers who do organic farming.
In women-led agriculture, although power tillers are easier to use than tractors, drone spraying saves both time and cost.
This year in the Kharif season, using organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer seems to increase soil fertility.
Before, we had to rely on rainwater for irrigation, now using solar pumps has made it much easier.
If we farm using weather information from a mobile app, we can get much better production than with traditional methods.
Instead of using chemical pesticides, using organic pesticides by drone spraying has less impact on the environment.
Although tractors plow fields faster than traditional plows, drone spraying is more useful for small farmers.
Using organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer when cultivating improved varieties of wheat this winter season seems to improve production.
Installing a solar pump instead of digging a well for irrigation solves the water problem to a great extent.
Although drone spraying is easier to work with in small spaces compared to a power tiller, a tractor is better for large farms.
It used to be difficult to get weather information, but now mobile apps have made it much easier.
Using drone spraying instead of spraying pesticides by hand has less impact on health.
Although tractors are more expensive than power tillers, they plow fields faster, but drone spraying can provide an alternative to both.
Although greenhouse technology helps grow vegetables out of season, it costs more compared to farming in the open.
Getting agriculture related information using a mobile app is faster and easier than getting information by reading a book.
Although the use of chemical fertilizers increases production immediately, it degrades the quality of the soil in the long run, so the use of organic fertilizers is better.
Although solar pumps make irrigation easier, their maintenance costs may be higher than traditional pumps.
Although drone spraying services are more expensive than renting a tractor, it saves time and labor.
Farming using weather information from mobile apps is less risky than farming using traditional methods.
The use of chemical pesticides kills insects on crops immediately, but using organic pesticides by drone spraying has less impact on the environment.
Although power tillers are easier to plow small fields, tractors are better for large fields, but drone spraying is the best option for women farmers.
Vegetable farming in greenhouse technology has a lower chance of disease than in the open, but requires a lot of investment.
Planning fertilizers and seeds by looking at weather information on mobile apps is safer than farming based on experience.
Although the use of chemical fertilizers increases production, it reduces the fertility of the soil, so the use of organic fertilizers is better.
The use of solar pumps reduces environmental pollution compared to diesel pumps, but the initial investment is higher.
Even though drone spraying can spray medicine in many fields in less time, training is needed for it.
Farmers used to get weather info from the radio, now it's easily available from mobile apps.
Chemical pesticides kill insects immediately, but using organic pesticides from drone spraying has less impact on the environment.
Power tillers are easy for plowing small fields, but tractors are better for large fields, but drone spraying is cheaper for women farmers.
Using new technology this spring season instead of farming the old way has a higher chance of increasing production.
Growing vegetables in greenhouse technology is more secure than in open spaces, but it also requires a lot of investment.
Keeping crop information using a mobile app is easier and safer than writing it down in a diary.
The use of chemical fertilizers increases production immediately, but in the long run it degrades the quality of the soil, so the use of organic fertilizer is good.
Using a tractor to plant rice this Kharif season is faster than plowing with oxen, but drone spraying works even faster.
Using a solar pump compared to a traditional irrigation system saves water and increases production.
The government should encourage farmers in hilly areas who raise livestock to participate in the livestock insurance scheme.
Get your soil tested before planting crops, the government provides grants for that.
Local seed banks should be established for food security.
The government should provide concessional loans to farmers for agricultural infrastructure development.
Reduce the use of pesticides this season, instead adopt organic methods.
Did you register your name in the cooperative for fertilizer? The government has subsidized fertilizer too.
Fill out the form for animal insurance immediately, it must be submitted to the municipality.
Get information about new technology from the Agricultural Extension Service Center.
The government will help you buy the necessary equipment for irrigation in your field.
There have been some changes in the import-export policy, go to the agriculture office to get information.
Join the crop insurance plan and make sure your crops are safe.
Make your land usable under the land improvement program, the government will help.
The government is providing agricultural loan facilities, apply for it.
The government has set the support price for paddy this year, sell accordingly.
The government is giving grants to use improved seeds, apply on time.
The government has introduced various programs to encourage organic farming.
The government provides training to use modern technology in agriculture, participate in it.
Apply for the grant that the government provides to buy agricultural tools.
Teach the farmers how to farm according to the season.
Consult with an agricultural expert before planting crops.
The government has given grants for potato seeds too this year, don't miss it.
Get a farmer ID card and get government services.
Use compost fertilizer to increase the fertility of the soil.
Agricultural insurance reduces your risk, participate in it.
The government helps to sell locally produced goods in the local market, contact them.
Take training to manage your animal husbandry business.
The government has introduced various incentive programs to increase agricultural production.
Apply to the local body for irrigation facilities.
Emphasize collective farming for food security.
Agricultural extension workers come to the village to provide services, inform them.
Don't leave your land barren, the government has brought a land use policy.
The government is giving subsidies on power tillers to small farmers, apply for it.
If your crops get diseased, inform the agriculture office immediately.
The government helps with marketing agricultural products, contact them.
Advise farmers to use improved seeds.
Get your soil tested before planting crops, the government does it for free.
You have to fill out this form to get the government subsidy on agricultural tools.
Make plans keeping food security in mind.
The government helps bring new technology into agriculture.
This year the government has given subsidies on wheat seeds too, take it on time.
The government has launched many programs for the development of the agricultural sector, get information.
If you need any information related to agriculture, you can contact me.
Banks have introduced various schemes for taking agricultural loans, understand them.
Take safety precautions when using pesticides.
The government has introduced an agricultural produce insurance program, participate in it.
Increase agricultural production by participating in the land consolidation program.
Learn new technologies by participating in agricultural training.
Prioritize local production for food security.
The government has provided various facilities to invest in the agricultural sector, get information.
When making compost fertilizer, pay attention to the soil biology, it increases the quality of the fertilizer.
Use more natural pesticides for organic farming, chemical pesticides ruin the soil.
When composting, mix different kinds of organic stuff, like leaves, straw, and dung.
Get your organic products certified, it helps to get good price in the market.
Using compost manure in the monsoon season increases soil fertility and improves production.
Run consumer awareness programs to explain the importance of compost manure to farmers.
Organize training in villages to teach how to make compost manure.
Maintain proper temperature when making compost manure, so that the bacteria remain active.
Coordinate with cooperatives to get a premium price for your organic vegetables.
Always make sure the necessary organic inputs for composting are available at the seed bank.
Using compost manure in the spring season helps plants get good nutrition.
Emphasize the use of compost manure to improve soil health.
Soil fertility can be increased by using compost manure instead of chemical fertilizer.
Teach farmers how to make natural pesticides.
Help with the certification of products produced from organic farming.
Inform consumers about the benefits of organic products.
Increase production by using compost manure and reduce the use of chemical fertilizers.
When composting, keep the water content balanced, it shouldn't be too dry or too wet.
Make sure the materials needed to make compost manure are available at the local seed bank.
The use of compost manure increases the biological activity of the soil.
To encourage organic farming, provide organic inputs to farmers at subsidized rates.
Using compost fertilizer increases the soil's water absorption capacity.
You can get good yield if you use compost fertilizer during the planting season.
Different kinds of weeds can also be used when making compost fertilizer.
Motivate farmers to keep the soil healthy by using compost fertilizer.
Promote organic farming products to increase their market premium.
Simplify the method of making compost fertilizer so that all farmers can easily understand.
Using natural pesticides keeps the environment safe.
Using compost fertilizer increases soil fertility and also protects the environment.
Determine the amount of compost fertilizer by testing the soil.
You can increase the quality of the fertilizer by using earthworms when making compost fertilizer.
Use natural pesticides to control diseases and pests in organic farming.
Using compost fertilizer provides the necessary nutrients to the soil.
Provide information about the importance of organic products in consumer awareness programs.
Help farmers gather the materials needed to make compost fertilizer.
Help transport organic farming products to the market.
Discourage the use of chemical fertilizers by using organic fertilizers.
Make the necessary organic inputs for organic farming available at affordable prices.
Teach farmers by demonstrating methods of making compost fertilizer.
Using compost fertilizer improves the physical structure of the soil.
Encourage the opening of compost fertilizer production industries at the local level.
Using compost fertilizer reduces the problem of waterlogging in the soil.
Increase the demand for products produced from organic farming.
Using compost fertilizer balances the soil temperature.
When using natural pesticides, harmful chemicals do not enter the soil.
Using compost fertilizer makes air circulation easier in the soil.
Request consumers to only buy after looking at the label of organic products.
Using compost fertilizer balances the alkalinity and acidity of the soil.
Using compost fertilizer in the pre-monsoon season makes the soil fertile.
Is there any information about when to put fertilizer in this greenhouse?
Would it be better if we use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer this year?
Is there any training to teach how to make compost fertilizer?
How does the use of urea fertilizer affect the plant?
What else can be used as an alternative to DAP fertilizer?
Why is the use of potash fertilizer necessary?
Does the fertility of the soil increase or decrease when using biofertilizer?
How to get the government subsidy on fertilizer?
Can you help me create a fertilizer application schedule?
What effect does excessive fertilizer use have on the soil?
What kind of fertilizer is good to use in the pre-monsoon?
How to use fertilizer in the spring season?
What should we consider when using fertilizer in the post-monsoon season?
Can I get some info about using fertilizer in the Kharif season?
How to use fertilizer before planting seeds?
Can we use growth hormones and fertilizer at the same time?
How does a tractor do the work of spreading fertilizer?
Does mulching make any difference in fertilizer use?
What can be done to reduce the use of chemical fertilizers?
How much difference does using organic fertilizer make in production?
How to determine the amount of urea fertilizer to use?
How much does DAP fertilizer cost?
Where can I find potash fertilizer?
What are the benefits of using biofertilizers?
Who to contact for fertilizer subsidies?
What is the right time to apply fertilizer?
How to avoid excessive use of fertilizer?
What should we consider when using fertilizer in the pre-monsoon season?
Why is fertilizer use important in the spring season?
What should be the condition of the soil when using fertilizer in the post-monsoon season?
How to make fertilizer use more effective in the Kharif season?
Does the amount of fertilizer vary depending on the quality of the seeds?
Does using growth hormones reduce the need for fertilizer?
How much does using a tractor to spread fertilizer affect the soil?
How to combine mulching and fertilizer?
What else can be used as an alternative to chemical fertilizer?
What should be done to increase the production of organic fertilizer?
How much does the use of urea fertilizer affect the soil?
What are the benefits of using DAP fertilizer for plants?
How does the use of potash fertilizer affect the quality of fruits?
How does the use of biofertilizers affect the environment?
What is the process for fertilizer subsidies?
Where can I get information about the timing of fertilizer application?
How does excessive fertilizer use affect plants?
How to manage water when using fertilizer in the pre-monsoon season?
How to increase production by using fertilizer in the spring season?
What is the effect of temperature when using fertilizer in the post-monsoon season?
How likely are diseases when using fertilizer in the Kharif season?
The crops were ruined this year because the weather didn't cooperate, what to do now?
What kind of plans has the government brought for farmers?
Because there is no space to store fertilizer in this cold storage, we have had to increase the use of chemical fertilizer.
As a young farmer, I need training on how to make compost fertilizer.
Since the fertilizer subsidy started, many young people are getting into agriculture.
DAP fertilizer price went up, so planting rice this time is gonna be a problem.
Now we gotta use organic fertilizer and increase the soil fertility.
The subsidy the government gave on potash fertilizer has given us farmers some relief.
It's time to put urea fertilizer in the field, but it's hard to get fertilizer.
This year, I've planned to reduce chemical fertilizer use and use compost fertilizer.
If young people do collective farming together, uniformity in fertilizer use can be achieved.
If we don't get fertilizer on time, the possibility of decreased production has increased.
I learned how to make organic fertilizer to reduce the use of chemical fertilizer.
The subsidy the government gives on fertilizer should always be available on time.
Due to the shortage of DAP fertilizer, it seems like rice production will be affected.
I've heard that using organic fertilizer is good for soil health.
I found out that using potash fertilizer increases potato production.
They say using too much urea fertilizer affects the soil!
It would be good if we could use compost fertilizer as an alternative to chemical fertilizer.
The fertilizer subsidy has helped small farmers a lot.
Because the price of DAP fertilizer has skyrocketed, it's become difficult to farm.
Now we young people are thinking of producing organic fertilizer together.
The use of potash fertilizer improves the quality of the crop.
I had heard that the use of urea fertilizer increases rice production.
If we can make compost fertilizer, we can reduce the use of chemical fertilizers.
We should encourage the use of organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
The fertilizer subsidy program has provided a lot of relief to farmers.
The shortage of DAP fertilizer seems to be affecting this year's crop production.
Young farmers can earn good income by using organic fertilizer.
The use of potash fertilizer increases the fertility of the soil.
The use of urea fertilizer makes the crop grow faster.
When using compost fertilizer, all the elements needed by the soil are found.
Various measures should be taken to reduce the use of chemical fertilizers.
You have to apply to the agriculture office for fertilizer subsidy.
The use of DAP fertilizer strengthens the roots.
Using organic fertilizer reduces the effect of chemical fertilizers.
The use of potash fertilizer increases the ability to fight disease.
The use of urea fertilizer makes the leaves green.
Using compost fertilizer increases the water holding capacity of the soil.
Excessive use of chemical fertilizers damages the soil.
The fertilizer subsidy program has been a great help to poor farmers.
I've heard that the use of DAP fertilizer increases production.
Using organic fertilizer also keeps the environment clean.
The use of potash fertilizer makes the fruits sweet.
Young farmers should use urea fertilizer in a balanced way.
Using compost fertilizer reduces soil pollution.
It's hard to find improved seeds in the local market, how to farm this time?
Spraying pesticides from a drone didn't kill the weeds, but destroyed the crops, what to do?
Even farming with weather info from a mobile app resulted in a lot of loss.
I bought a power tiller, but can't find a place to repair it, how to use it now?
This year the field is dry because it didn't rain, and the solar pump is also broken, it's very sad.
Even using improved seeds didn't produce well, was the traditional seed better?
I bought a tractor with a loan, but it's hard to repay the loan even by renting it out.
The information shown in the weather app turned out to be wrong, so the crop was damaged.
Even using fertilizer information from a mobile app didn't make much difference.
I heard that improved seeds are available in the market, but there are only local seeds here, what to do!
This hybrid seed didn't sprout well even after planting, just wasted money.
I bought certified seeds, but the production doesn't seem like it.
A lot of seeds were wasted due to lack of a proper place to store them, what to do now?
Even after treating the seeds and planting, the crop got diseased, what kind of seed is this?
There is no system to check the quality of seeds in this local market, farmers are being cheated.
The seeds I bought for the spring season haven't sprouted yet, what to do now?
It seems like a lot of pesticides have been used in this seed, will it affect health?
The government said it would subsidize improved seeds, but I didn't get any.
The seller hesitated to give info about the seeds I bought.
Fertilizer and seed prices are sky high, how to farm?
Nobody taught how to plant these seeds, so there was a lot of loss.
Even after planting seeds, it dried up due to lack of irrigation, what to do now?
Agricultural technicians don't come to the village to give info about seeds.
Even planting seeds using a power tiller didn't give good yield.
There's not even a place to complain about the seeds.
This seed isn't even packaged well, I wonder what the quality is like?
After planting these seeds and the crops not being good, food security concerns have increased.
Nobody cared to conserve the local seeds.
Farmers are cheated because there is no uniformity in seed prices.
There is no arrangement for training to provide information about seeds.
Planting these seeds ruined the soil too, what to do now?
The government didn't provide seeds on time.
Nobody monitors the quality of the seeds.
There isn't even a website to give info about seeds.
There isn't even a system to give information about seeds on the radio.
These seeds need a lot of water after planting, there's a problem.
Planting these seeds caused loss because of too much wind.
The insects ate these seeds after planting, what to do now?
This seed is so expensive, how can poor farmers buy it?
I bought this seed on my neighbor's advice, but he tricked me.
I planted this seed and wild animals ate it, what to do now?
No one gave good information about this seed.
There is no farmer group to give information about seeds.
This seed needs a lot of fertilizer after planting, it's a problem.
There is no program to discuss seeds with farmers.
The production wasn't good after planting this seed, but the cost was high.
Is there any new technology about seeds, how to find out?
There is no provision for banks to give loans for seeds.
I planted this seed and hail damaged it, what to do now?
There is no provision for insuring seeds.
There is no mobile app to give information about seeds.
I planted this seed and the plant grew well, but it didn't bear fruit.
There is no toll-free number for seeds where we can call and ask.
I planted this seed and I was supposed to do a soil test, but I didn't.
You can't even find pamphlets about seeds.
I planted this seed and had problems in places where water accumulates.
The municipality also didn't help with anything about the seeds.
I planted this seed and a storm damaged it.
The seeds I bought for the post-monsoon season didn't turn out good either.
Because there was so much rain this year, there will be problem storing the rice; without cold storage, there will be a lot of loss.
It's hard to get a good price for potatoes in the local market; if we could sell them graded, that would be some relief!
I have a power tiller, but I suffered a lot of loss because there's no place to dry the rice.
Production decreased because we didn't get fertilizer on time, and on top of that, the storage problem adds more pain.
I'm worried that the rice stored in plastic bags will get infested with bugs; traditional storage didn't work.
It would be good if the government brought some new plans for food preservation; it would encourage the youth.
It rained during rice harvesting, now I'm worried about how to dry it; this problem keeps happening because there's no warehouse.
This year's monsoon caused a lot of damage; the grains rotted because there was no good storage system.
It seems like you need packaging knowledge to get a good price in the market; if we paid attention to this, income would increase.
It would have been great if the agriculture office had given training for controlling storage pests.
Production wasn't as expected due to lack of water for irrigation, and on top of that, I'm worried about storage.
Production increased when using chemical fertilizer in the field, but there's a fear that the pest infestation will increase during storage.
There was less production this year because it rained a lot during rice planting, now I'm worried about how to store it.
I'm forced to sell vegetables cheaply because there's no cold storage, which is causing a lot of loss.
There was a lot of loss when it rained during the rice harvesting season; there was a problem because there was no proper drying place.
The government should give subsidies to farmers to reduce storage losses.
If I could send goods to the market only after grading, the price would be good, but I don't know how to do it.
The problem of insects infesting grains has increased when stored in plastic bags, what could be the solution to this?
If I could get training for food preservation, I could keep my produce safe.
Because there's not enough storage, many farmers have to sell their products cheap.
There was less rain this year so rice production is down, and we're worried about how to protect what we have.
The government should build cold storage to reduce losses in storage.
There aren't open spaces to dry grains like before, so there's storage problems.
Looks like we need to use organic pesticides to protect from storage pests.
Without proper packaging, our product's price is low in the market, what to do?
Farmers are facing a lot of losses because there aren't modern warehouses.
Looks like I need to consult with an agriculture expert for storage pest control.
Even in the dry season, the problem of mold in storage bothers me, what's the solution?
Vegetables are rotting and going to waste because there's no cold storage in the village.
Even though the rice production is good this year, I'm worried about storage.
Looks like we need to use jute bags instead of plastic bags to reduce storage losses.
It would be much easier for farmers if the government brought new technology for food preservation.
If we could send goods to the market with proper packaging, income would increase.
Because there was no warehouse, a lot of grain got wet and was destroyed.
The local government should help with storage pest control.
There was a lot of rain this Kharif season, so there's a storage problem.
A lot of rice rotted because there was no drying technology, what to do now?
The government should provide loans at low interest rates to build modern warehouses.
It's hard to get a good price in the market because I don't know about packaging.
I request the Ministry of Agriculture to bring a new plan for food preservation.
Farmers should be trained to reduce losses in storage.
If we could send goods to the market after grading, income would increase, but how to do it?
It seems we need to use neem leaves to prevent insects in storage.
Due to lack of warehouses, many farmers are forced to sell their produce cheaply, how long will this compulsion last?
It seems we need to use organic pesticides to control storage insects.
This year there will be problems in storing paddy due to heavy rainfall, we need to find ways for safe storage.
It is difficult to get a fair price for potatoes in the local market, cold storage would provide some relief.
Due to lack of knowledge of food preservation, a lot of grain is being wasted, training should be arranged.
It seems we need to dry the paddy well to reduce losses in storage.
It is becoming very difficult to store grain safely without a warehouse, the government should pay attention to this.
This year the monsoon caused a lot of damage due to landslides, how will we survive!
What to do, this hilly region is always plagued by drought.
The hailstorm destroyed all the vegetables, now how to pay the installments?
Winter crops were severely affected due to lack of winter rain.
After the flood swept away the field, it became difficult to feed the family.
After the risk of landslides increased, we had to leave the village.
According to the weather forecast, there is less chance of rain this year.
We may have to adopt some new methods for climate change adaptation.
If we had received information before the flood, much damage could have been reduced.
It didn't rain during rice planting season, what to do now?
Need fertilizer for planting potatoes in winter, where can I find it?
Couldn't even go to the market because the landslide blocked the road in monsoon.
If it had rained on time this year, the rice would have been good.
Even with improved seeds and fertilizer, the drought didn't increase production.
It didn't used to hail this much, these days it's really annoying.
The government should make weather forecasting more reliable.
We have to do something to reduce the impact of climate change.
We should build embankments to reduce the risk of flooding.
If there was an early warning system in the village, many would have saved their lives.
Due to the lack of fertilizer, production will decrease this year.
Crops have stopped growing well because of climate change.
The field is barren because there is no water, how will I repay the loan now?
The hail broke all the fruit plants, what to do now?
It's hard to survive in this place because of the drought.
We need to adopt some measures to protect ourselves from floods and landslides.
If we had known the weather information earlier, this damage wouldn't have happened.
We need to learn new technologies to combat climate change.
Should we insure our house to stay safe from landslides?
The local government should provide information about flood and landslide risks.
This year, the winter crops got a lot of damage from the frost.
Couldn't plant the corn seeds because we didn't get fertilizer.
The government should give compensation to farmers for flood and landslide damage.
Many farmers suffered because they didn't get accurate weather information.
Climate change is affecting our village a lot.
Settlements in landslide-prone areas should be relocated.
If we had received information on time, we could have saved the livestock.
We need to find some new ways to protect ourselves from climate change.
Due to the drought, even the livestock are facing water shortages.
According to the weather forecast, there is a possibility of less rain this year.
To protect against floods, the foundation of the house must be strong.
The hailstorm destroyed all the vegetables in the field.
Couldn't plant rice this time because of the drought.
After being displaced by the landslide, there were many problems.
How can the weather forecasting system be improved?
Due to the effects of climate change, there have been many problems with crops.
The local government should bring some plans to protect against floods and landslides.
Because there was less snow this year, there is a danger of water sources drying up.
It seems that the lack of fertilizer will greatly affect production.
It has become very difficult to farm because of climate change.
What precautions should we take to stay safe from floods and landslides?
It's easier to manage water with sprinkler irrigation than canal irrigation, but the initial investment is high.
Sprinkler irrigation can irrigate a larger area at once compared to drip irrigation, but it saves less water.
Sprinkler irrigation is good in places with water scarcity, but you have to pay attention to its maintenance.
If you collect rainwater during the monsoon season, it's easier to run sprinkler irrigation in the winter, otherwise you'll have to wander around for water.
Using compost fertilizer with sprinkler irrigation can reduce the use of chemical fertilizers, which is good for health.
Since there's less water this year, it's better to collect and use rainwater for sprinkler irrigation than to extract groundwater.
When there was no canal irrigation during rice planting, sprinklers provided some relief, but it wasn't enough.
If you can plan well for sprinkler irrigation, you don't even need mulching, but the work has to be done according to the plan.
Because drip irrigation is expensive, many farmers choose sprinkler irrigation, but you need to know how to use it properly.
Many farmers don't know about the government subsidies for sprinkler irrigation, so they depend on traditional irrigation.
Water loss is less in sprinkler irrigation compared to canal irrigation, but there are problems when it's very windy.
Farmers get discouraged when the maintenance cost of sprinkler irrigation is high, but it's beneficial in the long run.
Sprinkler irrigation has reduced the problem of water scarcity to some extent, but there is still much to be done.
Collecting rainwater and using it for sprinkler irrigation also benefits the environment, and reduces the exploitation of groundwater.
When you use fertilizer and then sprinkler irrigate, the fertilizer spreads well throughout the field, but you need to know how to adjust the amount of fertilizer.
Tractors should be used to prepare the field for sprinkler irrigation, but there is a problem when small farmers don't have tractors.
Although drip irrigation is good for individual farmers, sprinkler irrigation benefits many when done collectively.
When sprinkler irrigation is done in winter, the moisture in the soil is maintained, but if it is too cold, it can affect the crop.
The use of sprinkler irrigation makes it easy to manage the irrigation schedule, but there must be a regular supply of electricity.
After the rainy season, the demand for sprinkler irrigation increases, but there's a problem when water sources are limited.
Even though sprinkler irrigation uses less water compared to canal irrigation, it needs electricity.
Sprinkler irrigation can't be sustainable either because of excessive groundwater extraction, so water sources need to be conserved.
Farmers who have taken training for sprinkler irrigation have had good production, but the training hasn't reached all farmers.
Sprinkler irrigation has less pipe clogging problems than drip irrigation, but the water needs to be clean for it.
Using sprinkler irrigation can reduce crop diseases, but it's best to prevent diseases from happening in the first place.
Sprinkler irrigation has proven to be a blessing in areas with water scarcity, but it needs proper planning.
Using rainwater harvesting for sprinkler irrigation can reduce the use of chemical fertilizers, which is good for the environment.
Sprinkler irrigation after applying fertilizer increases the effectiveness of the fertilizer, but the irrigation time should be adjusted according to the type of fertilizer.
Sprinkler irrigation doesn't work well if maintenance is not taken care of, so regular checks are needed.
Even though sprinkler irrigation is more expensive than canal irrigation, it saves water, which is necessary for the future.
Sprinkler irrigation keeps the field moist, but too much moisture can affect the seedlings.
Even though drip irrigation is suitable for small areas, sprinkler irrigation is good for large areas.
The demand for sprinkler irrigation has increased due to water scarcity, but its price has also increased.
Using rainwater harvesting for sprinkler irrigation eliminates the hassle of paying water bills, but you need a tank.
Using fertilizer with sprinkler irrigation increases crop production, but the amount of fertilizer must be correct.
The field should be flat for sprinkler irrigation, but this is not possible in hilly areas.
Even though drip irrigation is good for individual farmers, sprinkler irrigation is best for cooperative farming.
Using sprinkler irrigation in winter can protect crops from frost, but it requires continuous electricity.
Using sprinkler irrigation makes it easier to manage the irrigation schedule, but the water pressure must be correct.
After the rainy season, the demand for sprinkler irrigation increases, but the water source for it should be ready.
Sprinkler irrigation uses less water compared to canal irrigation, but it requires a lot of investment.
Due to excessive extraction of ground water, sprinkler irrigation may also not be effective, so water should be conserved.
Farmers who have taken training for sprinkler irrigation have earned good income, but there is no time to go for training.
Sprinkler irrigation does not require much technical knowledge like drip irrigation, but you should have general information about it.
The use of sprinkler irrigation can reduce crop diseases, but precautions should be taken before the disease occurs.
Sprinkler irrigation has proven to be a boon in areas with water scarcity, but the government should help with this.
Collecting rainwater and using it for sprinkler irrigation benefits the environment, but it requires space.
Sprinkler irrigation after applying fertilizer increases the effectiveness of the fertilizer, but the amount of water should be adjusted according to the type of fertilizer.
Sprinkler irrigation breaks down quickly if maintenance is not taken care of, so it should be checked regularly.
Although sprinkler irrigation is more expensive than canal irrigation, it saves water, but you need money for it.
Farmers are facing problems because our cooperative does not have soil testing facilities.
There are complaints that the soil fertility is decreasing due to improper use of fertilizers.
There are increasing complaints that the pH balance of the soil has deteriorated due to excessive use of chemical fertilizers.
The soil quality has deteriorated due to continuous planting of the same crop, what to do now?
This year, the production of winter crops decreased due to soil degradation.
Many farmers are in trouble because they do not know how to use green manure.
There was a problem because I didn't get proper training on making compost fertilizer.
There are complaints that excessive use of pesticides has a negative impact on soil health.
Planting was delayed because the cooperative did not provide fertilizer on time.
It's hard to find soil pH testing kits in the local market.
This year, the heavy rains during the monsoon season washed away a lot of soil.
It would be good if we could use fertilizer only after testing the soil.
There's a complaint that the cooperative hasn't done anything to improve soil health.
It feels like the soil has become even weaker after using the power tiller.
The production wasn't good because proper fertilizer wasn't used.
It would be helpful if the cooperative arranged agricultural lime to help reduce soil acidity.
It's hard to get information on what crops grow well in this area's soil.
No one teaches what to do to increase soil fertility.
The cooperative should bring some programs for soil management.
It's too much hassle to get fertilizer subsidies, it needs to be easier.
Using plastic mulch has increased pollution in the soil.
The soil has deteriorated due to the problem of waterlogging in the field.
We are forced to go very far to test the soil.
Farmers should be encouraged to adopt crop rotation.
The cooperative should hire an agricultural technician to provide soil information.
There is a need for training on how to conserve soil.
There are many complaints that the soil has been ruined by using excessive chemical fertilizers.
It would be very easy for farmers if the cooperative bought a soil pH meter and brought it to the village.
The natural properties of the soil have been disappearing due to continuous use of chemical fertilizers.
I know we should use organic fertilizer to increase soil fertility, but I don't know how.
Nobody teaches what to do to prevent soil degradation.
Because it rained a lot this year, all the fertile elements of the soil were washed away.
It's hard to get information on where to submit samples for soil testing.
The cooperative should conduct soil health camps in every village.
The cooperative couldn't provide improved seeds and fertilizer on time.
The acidity of the soil didn't let the crops thrive, what to do now?
Production has decreased due to the lack of necessary nutrients in the soil.
The cooperative should organize training to teach how to make compost.
The cooperative should advise on planting crops according to the type of soil.
Government agencies should pay attention to solving soil problems.
It's hard to know what kind of fertilizer is needed for the soil in this place.
After doing the soil test, where to go to understand the report?
The government should provide some assistance to improve soil health.
Farmers are having problems because the price of fertilizer is too high.
We should use organic fertilizer to increase soil fertility.
The cooperative should run a radio program to provide information about soil.
The cooperative should conduct mobile camps for soil testing.
The soil quality deteriorated due to the extreme cold in winter.
This year, planting crops was delayed because fertilizer was not available on time.
In winter, fertilizer demand increases in local markets, but supply is difficult due to transportation problems.
Many farmers are interested in selling their produce in cooperative markets, but they complain that the process is complicated.
Farmers are losing a lot due to price fluctuations, and they are worried about how to control it.
Farmers are not getting fair prices for their produce because of middlemen.
Farmers would benefit a lot if they could sell directly, but there is no proper structure for that.
Cooperative farming systems can help farmers a lot.
Many farmers don't know about online markets.
The process of making export documents is very complicated; it needs to be simplified.
The demand for seeds increases in the rainy season, but there will be problems if they cannot be supplied on time.
Farmers should be encouraged to increase the use of compost fertilizer.
Production has decreased due to a lack of irrigation equipment.
It is difficult to get a tractor for rent, especially in remote areas.
It is difficult to find seeds according to demand in the local market.
The transportation arrangement to take to the wholesale market is not good.
The method of price determination in the cooperative market should be transparent.
Training is needed to sell goods in the online market.
There is a compulsion to visit government offices to make export documents.
Crop prices decrease post-monsoon, so there should be storage arrangements.
Farmers can be given information about the local market through mobile phones.
In the current situation, cooperative marketing has provided relief to farmers.
Price fluctuations discourage farmers from farming.
Middlemen profit unnecessarily.
The government should help for direct sales.
New technology should be used in cooperative farming.
Access to online markets should be expanded to villages.
Farmers should be informed about export documents.
It is difficult to deliver goods to the local market because the roads are damaged during the monsoon.
Water management should be done for irrigation.
Farmers are in trouble because the tractor repair costs are too high.
The government should focus on the development of local markets.
The management of cooperative markets should be good.
It should be explained that farmers benefit a lot from direct sales.
The payment system in the online market should be secure.
There should be a help desk to make export documents.
There should be no shortage of fertilizer during the Kharif season.
Local market price information can be given to farmers via SMS.
The importance of cooperative marketing should be explained to farmers.
Farmers have suffered a lot due to price fluctuations.
The government should take strict action to control middlemen.
Farmers should be trained for direct sales.
We should encourage cooperative farming.
There should be a system to check the quality of goods in the online market.
The process of making export documents should be online.
There is a lack of storage space for vegetables produced in the post-monsoon season.
New ways should be adopted to attract customers to the local market.
Farmers are getting fair prices because of cooperative marketing.
The online market has given new opportunities to farmers.
Many farmers complain that the soil fertility is decreasing due to the use of chemical fertilizers.
There were many problems when we didn't get subsidized fertilizer on time.
Since getting training in making compost fertilizer, I have reduced the use of chemical fertilizer, but the production is not as expected.
It was very difficult to get urea fertilizer this year.
Even after applying DAP fertilizer, the potatoes did not grow well, what to do?
I had heard a lot about potash fertilizer, but I didn't know how to use it.
Production decreased when I tried to use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
Many farmers have suffered because the fertilizer subsidy process is complicated.
The crop did not thrive due to lack of timely information about fertilizer.
I have heard that excessive use of fertilizer spoils the soil, but how to produce without fertilizer?
Due to not getting fertilizer in the pre-monsoon, rice planting was delayed.
Lack of fertilizer in the Kharif season affected rice production.
It is difficult to get fertilizer for wheat in the Rabi season.
We lost a lot because of fertilizer problems during harvest time.
Couldn't get the fertilizer there on time because there was no tractor.
Even though it was improved seeds, the yield wasn't good because we didn't get fertilizer.
Making compost fertilizer isn't easy, so I'm forced to use chemical fertilizer.
The pesticides killed the bugs, but the soil got ruined too, what to do?
There was a problem because I didn't have enough information about using fertilizer.
I'm worried that the soil's fertility is decreasing because of using chemical fertilizer.
There's a complaint that the fertilizer subsidy system isn't effective.
The program to encourage using organic fertilizer wasn't effective.
Farmers are suffering because the price of urea fertilizer has increased.
The supply of DAP fertilizer should be easier, but it isn't.
No one cared to give information about using potash fertilizer.
The government should find an alternative to chemical fertilizer.
The fertilizer subsidy distribution system should be improved.
There should be a program to encourage making compost fertilizer.
Crop production decreased because we didn't get fertilizer on time.
Using chemical fertilizer has negatively affected the soil's health.
Many farmers had problems because of the shortage of urea fertilizer.
Many farmers couldn't buy DAP fertilizer because the price increased.
I don't have information about the benefits of using potash fertilizer for the soil.
We should promote the use of organic fertilizer, but nobody listened.
Applying for fertilizer subsidy is too much hassle.
Excessive use of chemical fertilizer has negatively impacted the environment.
The crop development was stunted because we didn't get fertilizer on time.
There's black market for urea fertilizer going on.
Many farmers are making mistakes because they don't know how to use DAP fertilizer.
There should be training arranged to provide information about potash fertilizer.
I'm forced to use chemical fertilizer because I'm afraid the production will decrease if I use organic fertilizer.
The fertilizer subsidy system should be transparent, but it's not.
We should encourage the use of organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
Urea fertilizer should be easily available.
The government should pay attention to reducing the price of DAP fertilizer.
We should provide information about the benefits of using potash fertilizer.
There should be a system where we can apply for fertilizer subsidy online.
We should provide training on using organic fertilizer as an alternative to chemical fertilizer.
There should be an information center to provide information about fertilizer subsidy.
We should make farmers aware to reduce the use of chemical fertilizer.
Can I get information on which fertilizer is most suitable for storing in this cold storage?
How much does it cost to rent a tractor for this Rabi season?
Can we get training for drone spraying here?
How reliable is the information from the weather app?
Can we install a solar pump in this cold storage?
What kind of seed should we use for the winter season this year?
Is information about agricultural mobile apps available here?
How effective is greenhouse technology in this climate?
Can you teach me how to do precision farming in this place?
What documents are needed for the government tractor grant?
Is there a place to repair power tillers here?
What precautions should be taken when storing fertilizers in this cold storage?
Are growth hormones available in this place?
What is the probability of rain this year during the pre-monsoon?
Is it possible to order fertilizer online here?
Is drone spraying service available in this cold storage?
Is there training on how to use weather apps in this place?
Are the materials needed for precision farming available here?
How much space is needed for a solar pump in this cold storage?
Will the price of fertilizer increase or decrease this Rabi season?
How to store growth hormones in this cold storage?
Is it possible to order fertilizer from a mobile app here?
Is pilot training for drone spraying provided here?
When should I fertilize according to the weather app?
How much does it cost to install a solar pump in this cold storage?
Will the demand for tractors increase or decrease this winter season?
Do you teach how to use agriculture mobile apps here?
What challenges might arise when using greenhouse technology?
Is there any informational program about precision farming in this cold storage?
What kind of facilities are available here for power tillers?
Is there anyone here who can provide information about growth hormones?
What will be the fertilizer supply situation this pre-monsoon season?
What things should be considered when doing drone spraying?
Is there a workshop about using weather apps in this place?
Can I get information about government subsidies for solar pumps in this cold storage?
How much does tractor maintenance cost this winter season?
Do I need internet to use the agriculture mobile app?
What kind of soil is needed for greenhouse technology?
How much space is needed for precision farming in this cold storage?
What is needed to get a loan for a tractor?
What kind of insurance is available here for power tillers?
What kind of damage can occur when storing fertilizer in this cold storage?
What kind of training is needed for drone spraying?
Can we know when to harvest crops based on the weather app info?
We should increase the use of compost fertilizer to improve soil health in this post-flood time.
Using natural pesticides reduces the negative impact on the environment.
Camps should be run in villages to teach how to make natural pesticides.
If we can make compost fertilizer in the winter, the fertilizer problem will be reduced to a great extent.
Using compost instead of chemical fertilizer is much better for the soil.
We should use natural pesticides as much as possible, it protects the environment.
Compost fertilizer making training will be conducted to make fertilizer for organic farming.
Grains produced using natural pesticides are very good for health.
Farmers will be provided with necessary materials to make compost fertilizer on subsidy.
The use of chemical fertilizers reduces the fertility of the soil, so let's use compost fertilizer.
The negative impact on the environment can be reduced by using natural pesticides.
Natural pesticides help protect crops from pests.
The use of compost fertilizer helps to increase the fertility of the soil.
Adding compost fertilizer to the soil before planting increases production.
Farmers should be taught how to make natural pesticides.
The use of compost fertilizer is very useful for winter crops.
The use of chemical fertilizers can be reduced by encouraging the making of compost fertilizer.
Natural pesticides do not have a negative impact on the soil.
Compost fertilizer made in winter is very beneficial for crops.
Using natural pesticides makes the environment a lot better.
These days, raising buffalo is easier than cows, they can survive even with less grass.
Raising goats is more profitable than raising chickens in the hills, because you don't have to worry about feed.
Grains grown with organic fertilizer are much better for health than grains grown with chemical fertilizer.
Fish farming is easy in the Terai, but difficult in the hills, you have to manage the water.
It's better not to fertilize local wheat varieties, even if you fertilize improved wheat during planting season.
This year, the rice production wasn't as expected because there wasn't enough water during planting season.
After getting a power tiller with the government subsidy, plowing the field is much easier than raising oxen.
It's easier to manage fodder for livestock in the rainy season than in the winter.
Raising Chyangra goats can be a better source of income than raising sheep in the hilly regions.
Vegetables grown with organic fertilizer are much healthier than those grown with chemical fertilizer.
Cow dung is as useful for fertilizer as it is for biogas.
Raising local chickens is better than raising improved breeds, they get sick less often.
It's better to protect crops by using organic pesticides than using chemical pesticides.
Plowing the field with a tractor is faster, it takes a lot more time with oxen.
Beekeeping is becoming more and more prosperous now compared to before.
Using organic fertilizer is much better because chemical fertilizer damages the soil.
Buffalo milk has more fat than cow milk, so it's easier to make ghee.
These days, there are more grass problems in goat farming, so it's better to improve the barn and make fertilizer.
Corn farming is much easier in the hills compared to rice farming.
This year, the rice production was better than last year because of the heavy rain during monsoon.
It's a problem not getting the subsidized fertilizer from the government on time, it's better to buy fertilizer even if it's expensive.
Right now, you can earn more money selling buffalo milk than cow milk.
It's better to use organic fertilizer and get good production even if it's late, than to use chemical fertilizer and produce quickly.
It's much safer to raise goats than sheep in this place, because there are fewer cliffs.
It's easier to raise local cows than improved breeds, they survive even with less food.
Plowing the field with a tractor is faster, plowing with oxen takes more time and is also more expensive.
This year, honey production in beekeeping was less than last year, because of the weather.
The taste of grain produced using organic fertilizer is much sweeter than grain produced using chemical fertilizer.
Before, there was a water problem during rice planting season, but now it's easier after the canal was built.
Goat farming needs more grazing land than poultry farming.
There was a shortage of fertilizer this year during the wheat planting season, so production will be low.
Livestock are more likely to get sick during the monsoon than in the winter.
Vegetables produced using organic fertilizer have a higher price than those produced using chemical fertilizer.
It's harder to raise buffaloes than cows in the mountains, because it's difficult to walk with a big body.
Beekeeping requires a lot of hard work, but the income is also good.
This year, due to the lack of water during the rice planting season, production was lower than last year.
Plowing the field with a power tiller is easier than plowing with oxen.
It is more beneficial to raise local cows than improved breeds, because they get sick less often.
Using chemical fertilizer reduces the fertility of the soil, using organic fertilizer is much better for the soil.
It's easier to raise goats than sheep in this place, because goats eat anything.
Cow dung is good for fertilizer, and it's also good for biogas.
It's more profitable to raise improved breeds of chickens than local chickens, because they grow faster.
Protecting crops by using organic pesticides instead of chemical pesticides is better for the environment.
Plowing the field with a tractor is faster, plowing with oxen takes more time and a lot of effort.
There is a lot more competition in beekeeping now compared to before.
Grains grown using organic fertilizer have more nutrients than grains grown using chemical fertilizer.
Corn farming is easier in the hills compared to rice farming, but the income is less.
Because it rained a lot this monsoon, the rice production was better than last year, but the road got damaged.
If we don't get the subsidized fertilizer from the government on time, production decreases, it's better to get expensive fertilizer on time.
Right now, you can earn more money by selling buffalo milk than cow milk, but cow dung is good for fertilizer.
What's the price of fertilizer like this Kharif season?
Is drone spraying service available here?
What percentage interest is charged on loans for power tillers?
What incentives are there for adopting technology in agriculture led by women?
What kind of greenhouse technology would be suitable for this area?
What is the estimated price of potatoes during the harvest season?
Can I view the soil test report from a mobile app?
Is the demand for solar pumps increasing in this area?
When does the precision farming training start?
What's the deadline for filling out the fertilizer form?
Where do I go to get training to operate a power tiller?
What crop is good to plant this spring season?
What's the process for the government subsidy on greenhouse technology?
What will the price of rice be like during the harvest season?
How much discount can I get on advanced irrigation equipment?
How many days in advance does the weather app give rain information?
Where should I do soil testing for precision farming?
How was the wheat production this post-monsoon season?
What kind of discount is there for women farmers to buy a power tiller?
How long does it take to install a solar pump?
What do I need to open an account for an agriculture loan?
What kind of information does the weather app give for crops?
How to register for drone spraying?
What kind of support does the government provide for greenhouse technology?
What kind of vegetables should I plant this post-monsoon season?
What percentage interest rate can I get a loan for a solar pump?
Do women farmers get training on how to use mobile apps?
What will the price of rice be like this year's Kharif season?
How reliable is the information provided by the weather app?
Where do they give training for precision farming?
What kind of soil is good for greenhouse technology?
How easy is it to irrigate with a solar pump?
How to order fertilizer using a mobile app?
How's the paddy seed this year for the Kharif season?
Do women farmers get discounts on power tillers?
Can I get information on how using fertilizer affects carbon sequestration?
Can planting fruit plants increase food security and carbon sequestration?
Which variety of seed should I plant this Kharif season for maximum carbon sequestration?
How much will the compost fertilizer I have help with carbon sequestration?
Which crop planted this post-monsoon helps with carbon sequestration?
Please explain how agroforestry contributes to carbon sequestration.
What role do the timber trees I have play in carbon sequestration?
How can carbon sequestration be increased this harvesting season?
Please explain how mixed farming increases carbon sequestration.
The price of fertilizer has increased this year, what other ways are there to sequester carbon?
How can the use of tractors increase carbon sequestration in the soil?
What is the right time to plant fruit trees for carbon sequestration?
What kind of plants should I plant for fodder grass that also helps with carbon sequestration?
What kinds of seeds are available to increase carbon sequestration?
Are there any trainings related to carbon sequestration in the agriculture market?
How to use fertilizer this Kharif season, keeping carbon sequestration in mind?
What should be the amount of compost for carbon sequestration?
Where can I find fruit plants that help in carbon sequestration?
How to properly manage timber trees for carbon sequestration?
Where can I find improved seeds for carbon sequestration?
Does this fertilizer help in carbon sequestration?
How many fruit plants should I plant to increase carbon sequestration?
How can we increase food security and carbon sequestration together?
What kind of soil is suitable for carbon sequestration?
How good do you think this compost is for livestock?
Where should I go to get training for poultry farming?
I'm worried about how to protect the sheep this winter.
Please tell me what to do to protect buffaloes from diseases.
What is a good medicine for goats, please provide information.
What kind of soil is suitable for fish farming?
What should be done to increase income from beekeeping?
Does the government provide any grants for pig farming?
Why is the price of animal feed increasing?
Where can I sell goods made from yak wool?
Can you teach me how to make compost fertilizer?
Is there any discount available on irrigation equipment?
What kind of maize seeds are good to plant this Kharif season?
Please give me information about the livestock insurance plan.
How safe is it to use growth hormones for livestock?
How can I increase production by using mulch?
How do I repay the loan I took?
Can I pay the livestock insurance installment through mobile banking?
What kind of fertilizer should I use this year for the potato planting season?
I need to get my animal checked up, where should I contact?
Can you help me fill out this form?
What is the process for opening an account for goat farming?
I need to learn how to withdraw money from an ATM card.
How is this year's crop test report?
I haven't received the OTP for livestock insurance, why?
What is the vaccination schedule for chickens?
This year, there is an increased outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease in cows.
When is the training for fish farming?
This year, not much honey has been collected in the beehives.
How to make feed for pigs?
How much money do you get from selling sheep wool?
Where is the market for cheese made from yak milk?
How to manage water for irrigation?
It rained a lot this year during the rice planting season.
What documents are needed for livestock insurance?
What are the effects of using hormones for animals?
What are the benefits of using mulch?
What do I need to do to apply for a loan?
I can't check my account because the internet isn't working on my mobile.
What kind of seed is good to plant for potatoes?
We need to call a doctor to treat the animal.
Where should I submit this form for goat farming?
How to keep the beehive safe?
The price of chicken eggs has decreased this year.
Please provide information about diseases that affect buffaloes.
The goat needs to be given medicine for worms.
How suitable is this place for fish farming?
How to keep the cow warm this winter?
Cooperative farming has made fertilizer use much easier, and farmers are happy.
As animals are likely to get foot-and-mouth disease in the winter, I request all livestock farmers to get vaccinated through cooperative farming.
After joining cooperative farming, the use of chemical fertilizer has decreased, which is a good thing.
The government has introduced a program to provide subsidies on tractors to farmers involved in cooperative farming.
In the cooperative farming system, working together allows for more production with less investment.
Since participating in cooperative farming, I don't have to worry about seeds anymore.
It has become easier to market the products produced through cooperative farming.
It seems necessary to provide new agriculture-related training to farmers involved in cooperative farming.
By adopting the cooperative farming system, young people can be attracted to agriculture.
After getting involved in cooperative farming, the use of pesticides has decreased, which has had a positive impact on health.
We should bring improved varieties of wheat seeds for the Rabi season through cooperative farming.
This year, we have planned to do vegetable farming collectively under cooperative farming.
It is necessary to provide training on making compost fertilizer to farmers involved in cooperative farming.
After getting involved in cooperative farming, it has become easier to get agricultural loans.
There is a need to use new technology in cooperative farming.
After participating in cooperative farming, it has become easier to get crop insurance.
Cooperative farming has helped farmers to exchange experiences with each other.
The use of modern agricultural equipment should be increased in cooperative farming.
After joining cooperative farming, agricultural materials have become easily available.
Agricultural tools can be purchased collectively through cooperative farming.
Farmers involved in cooperative farming should be informed about soil testing.
This time, there is a plan to plant potatoes under cooperative farming in the winter season.
Farmers say that production has increased after participating in cooperative farming.
The government has arranged to provide agricultural subsidies to farmers involved in cooperative farming.
Working together in cooperative farming allows you to do more work in less time.
After getting involved in cooperative farming, it is easy to get improved seeds.
Cooperative farming has helped farmers get a fair price for their produce.
It is necessary to teach farmers involved in cooperative farming how to control pests.
The problem of fertilizer has been solved after participating in cooperative farming.
There is a plan to plant rice under cooperative farming this year in the Kharif season.
Cooperative farming has made it easier for farmers to learn about new technologies.
Farmers involved in cooperative farming should be informed about proper crop management.
After joining cooperative farming, it has become easier to participate in agricultural insurance schemes.
Cooperative farming has made it easier for farmers to get agricultural information.
After getting involved in cooperative farming, you don't have to go far for seeds.
Cooperative farming has made it easier for farmers to find a market to sell their produce.
Farmers involved in cooperative farming should be trained on the use of organic fertilizers.
After participating in cooperative farming, it has become easier to get subsidies on agricultural inputs.
Cooperative farming has encouraged farmers to work together in unity.
Farmers involved in cooperative farming should be taught ways to increase soil fertility.
After getting involved in cooperative farming, farmers are encouraged to use modern technology.
Cooperative farming has made it easier for farmers to market their produce.
We should teach farmers doing cooperative farming about seasonal farming methods.
Farmers have gained new agricultural knowledge after participating in cooperative farming.
Cooperative farming has made it easier for farmers to make decisions through group discussions.
Farmers doing cooperative farming should be informed about the use of improved seeds.
Farmers have found it easier to store their produce after getting involved in cooperative farming.
Cooperative farming has helped farmers reduce agricultural risks.
Farmers doing cooperative farming should be informed about the use of crop growth hormones.
Will the lack of water affect the fruits stored in the cold storage?
How will we farm if there is not enough water during rice planting season?
I wonder if we will get wheat seeds on time this year.
How many days do we have to wait to get fertilizer for corn?
How do we manage the water needed for vegetable farming?
How do we farm lentils when there is less water?
What should be done to increase millet production?
How does water scarcity affect soybean farming?
What to do if there is a lack of water during cardamom seedling planting time?
How will less water affect ginger production?
How to plant rice seedlings this year since there is no rain?
Can we use chemical pesticides in the field due to water scarcity or not?
Until when will the government provide subsidies on seeds?
How to use compost fertilizer in the field without water?
Are there any ways to manage water for fruits?
Is there any growth hormone available to help crops grow when there's a water shortage?
What to do if rice production decreases due to low water?
How to solve the water problem for wheat farming this year?
Does low water affect maize farming?
Will there be enough water when planting vegetable seeds this year?
What to do if we can't plant black lentil due to lack of water?
How to manage water when planting finger millet seeds?
Does water scarcity affect soybean seeds?
What kind of losses occur in cardamom farming due to water scarcity?
What to do if there is a water shortage when planting ginger?
What else can be planted instead of rice in the absence of water?
Where can I find the pesticides provided by the government?
Where can I find compost fertilizer making training?
What to do if there is a water shortage when planting fruit seedlings?
How much water should be used when using growth hormones?
How to manage water during rice planting season?
How to arrange irrigation for wheat?
What to do if there is less water in maize farming?
Is there any solution for lack of water for vegetables?
How does lack of water affect lentil farming?
How to manage water for finger millet farming?
What to do if there is a lack of water in soybean farming?
What can be done for cardamom farming when there is a lack of water?
What to do if there is a water problem in ginger farming?
What other crops can be planted as an alternative to rice?
What kind of pesticide to use in case of water scarcity?
How can the use of compost manure reduce water scarcity?
How to manage water for fruit farming?
How does the use of growth hormones protect crops in water scarcity?
What to do if rice seeds are not available on time this year?
Where to contact for wheat seeds?
How to select corn seeds?
What is the method of planting vegetable seeds?
When to plant lentil seeds?
Where to go to find out how to plant finger millet seeds?
What procedures should be followed to sell tomatoes through the cooperative market in this post-earthquake situation?
How to get the vegetables grown in this greenhouse to the local market?
Is the production reduced this year because the seeds were not good?
Is the lack of fertilizer affecting the production?
Is there a chance of a lot of price fluctuation this year?
We farmers always lose because of middlemen, how to stop this?
Can we sell what we produce directly?
Does the cooperative market ensure we get a fair price for our produce?
What do we need to do to sell our products in the online market?
How do we make the documents needed for exporting?
What should we do to compete in the local market?
What is the transportation arrangement like for delivering goods to the wholesale market?
Is there any way to avoid price changes?
Has the government done anything to stop the middlemen's manipulation?
If we sell directly, will customers trust us?
What do I need to do to get membership in the cooperative market?
Where can I get training to sell goods in the online market?
How to promote our product in the local market?
How to maintain the quality of goods in the wholesale market?
How to get information about price fluctuations?
How to know if the middlemen are making too much profit?
How to set the price when selling directly?
What are the services provided by the cooperative market?
How to gain customer trust in online market?
What are the quality standards needed for export?
What to do if goods are not sold in the local market?
Should we get insurance when sending goods to the wholesale market?
What could be the reason for the price change?
How to know if middlemen are cheating farmers?
If selling directly, who pays the shipping cost?
Is there a commission when selling goods in the cooperative market?
How does payment work in the online market?
Instead of being annoyed by unstable prices in the local market, it is easier to predict prices in the online market.
Since it is troublesome to deliver goods to the wholesale market, it is easier to sell through cooperative marketing.
Since middlemen take a lot of commission, it is beneficial for farmers to sell directly.
In the online market, customers can see and choose goods, so there is no crowd like in the local market.
In cooperative marketing, all farmers work together, so it is easier than working alone.
To reduce the risk of price fluctuations, future contracts can be made in the online market, which is difficult in the local market.
Since it takes time to prepare export documents, the online market is an easier option for now.
It is easy to advertise your product in the online market, but it is not so easy in the local market.
It is better to choose the online market option because it is difficult to transport goods to the local market during the rainy season.
In the local market, there is a compulsion to sell goods on credit, but in the online market, you get paid immediately.
In the online market, customers can compare and buy because there are many options, which is less in the local market.
Online marketing has attracted the youth, while the older generation still depends on local markets.
Customers feel secure in online markets because there's a return policy, which is rare in local markets.
Cooperative marketing unites farmers, but there's no such unity when selling individually.
Selling directly increases direct contact with customers, but that contact is less in online markets.
It's easy to set prices in online markets, but you have to depend on others in local markets.
It's easier to maintain product quality in online markets than in local markets.
Cooperative marketing makes it much easier because there are transportation problems getting goods to wholesale markets.
There's a lot of competition in online markets, so you have to lower prices, which is less common in local markets.
Payments are made securely in online markets, but there's a risk of cash transactions in local markets.
It's better for farmers to sell directly to consumers because middlemen take a lot of profit.
It's easy to get customer feedback in online markets, but it's difficult in local markets.
Product details are clearly written in online markets, but there might not be that much information in local markets.
You can sell goods immediately in local markets, but it can take some time in online markets.
Many types of products are available in online marketing, which are limited in local markets.
Customers are attracted to online markets because various discounts are available, but there are fewer such facilities in local markets.
Prices increase when demand for goods increases in online markets, but prices may remain stable in local markets.
It's difficult for small farmers to sell their products in online markets, but cooperative marketing helps.
There is a fear of goods getting lost in online markets, but there is no such fear when selling directly.
You can talk to customers personally in local markets, but you can only talk via chat in online markets.
Photos and descriptions need to be good to sell goods in online markets, but that's not so necessary in local markets.
Since you can write descriptions in many languages in the online market, you can attract international customers, which isn't possible in the local market.
Prices fluctuate in the online market, but in cooperative marketing, the price can be kept stable.
It's easy to check the quality of goods in the local market, but you have to trust the online market.
The packaging of goods should be good in the online market, but it's not given much attention in the local market.
For now, it's easier to sell in the online market than to make the documents needed for export.
It costs money to advertise in the online market, but it doesn't cost that much in the local market.
There is a higher chance of sales increasing in the online market because there are many customers, but there are limited customers in the local market.
When selling in the wholesale market, a lot of goods are sold at once, but in the online market, you have to sell little by little.
Many people are needed to sell goods in the local market, but fewer people are enough in the online market.
There is a lot of competition in the online market, so you have to make your product look different from others, which is not so necessary in the local market.
The price may be higher in the online market due to the shipping cost of goods, but there is no shipping cost in the local market.
It is safer to sell in the online market because it is difficult to deliver goods to the local market during the rainy season.
You need to take training to sell in the online market, but it is not so necessary in the local market.
You have to get permission to sell goods in the local market, but there is not so much hassle in the online market.
There are various options for payment in the online market, but only cash works in the local market.
Social media should be used to increase the demand for goods in the online market, which is not so necessary in the local market.
Various schemes should be introduced to attract customers in the online market, which is rare in the local market.
There is a possibility of getting a lower price when selling goods in the wholesale market, but you can set the price yourself in the online market.
A good relationship can be built with customers in the local market, but it takes time to build that relationship in the online market.
This year, the importance of rainwater harvesting has increased even more due to lack of timely rain, and as a young farmer, it should be given priority.
Working at the cold storage, I learned that drip irrigation saves water and increases production.
Due to lack of water in pre-monsoon, the irregular canal water supply was a problem this time.
There's a plan to build a warehouse for fertilizer and seeds and dig a pond to collect rainwater.
What do you say, should the young farmers group take initiative for sprinkler irrigation?
We lost a lot because of water shortage during harvest, we must make an irrigation schedule now.
It would be good if we could make a plan to collect rainwater with the local government.
The production decreased this winter crop due to water shortage, what to do now?
The irrigation maintenance work for the upcoming season must be completed on time, otherwise there will be problems again.
Young people can collectively plan to extract underground water.
After no rain even in post-monsoon, the worry about how to grow vegetables has increased.
Even if we use compost fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer, irrigation management should be good.
If we could use the local river water for irrigation, we wouldn't have to depend on others.
This year, rice planting was delayed due to water shortage, how will the production be now?
If we worked with an irrigation schedule, water would be saved and everyone would get water on time.
Vegetable production has increased after installing drip irrigation in the kitchen garden.
Farmers suffered this year because the canal irrigation was not repaired on time.
It's about to be a situation where we have to leave the field barren due to water shortage, is there any solution?
The government should bring special programs for irrigation targeting young farmers.
Good income can be earned by collecting rainwater and growing vegetables.
What kind of support is available from the agriculture office to install a sprinkler irrigation system?
Overusing ground water increases the risk of water shortage in the future.
Because of the water shortage, it's hard to put fertilizer in the field, what to do now?
The crops started drying because we didn't get water according to the irrigation schedule, who should I tell?
If we can collect rainwater and irrigate, we don't have to depend on others.
This time the corn dried up because of the drought, how to make a living now?
The budget that comes from the rural municipality for irrigation maintenance should be released on time.
If the youths work together and do collective farming, we can invest in irrigation.
Because of the water shortage, it's hard to use chemical pesticides too.
How to manage water for vegetable farming in the post-monsoon season?
Many farmers have been affected due to irregularities in the distribution of canal irrigation water.
Because of the water shortage, we couldn't even put rice seeds, what to do now?
If we can irrigate the field by making an irrigation schedule, everyone will benefit.
Due to the drip irrigation system, water is saved and production has also increased.
This year the river dried up because of less rain, there is a problem for irrigation.
Because of the water shortage, it's hard to make compost fertilizer too, what to do now?
The government should provide grants for sprinkler irrigation targeting young farmers.
Youths should spread awareness to conserve ground water.
Due to the water shortage, the possibility of crop disease has increased, what to do now?
The consumer committee should start work on time for irrigation maintenance.
Seedlings can be grown in the nursery by collecting rainwater.
Because the canal water didn't come on time, the rice planting was late, what to do now?
Due to lack of water, it's difficult to put fertilizer in the field, how to grow crops now?
Because we didn't get water according to the irrigation schedule, the crops are starting to dry up, the concerned authorities should pay attention.
I've heard that income increases by collecting rainwater and growing vegetables.
This time, the wheat I planted dried up due to the drought, how will I feed my family?
The grant amount provided by the government for irrigation repairs is insufficient, it should be increased.
If young people work together to grow vegetables collectively, irrigation can be managed.
Due to lack of water, it's also difficult to use chemical fertilizer, how to increase production now?
I'm planning to collect rainwater for vegetable farming in the post-monsoon season.
In the post-flood situation, improved seeds are more likely to grow faster than local seeds.
Using compost fertilizer is much better for the soil than using chemical fertilizer.
In the current situation, planting new seeds may be a better option for farmers than storing seeds.
It is better to plant mustard than wheat this Rabi season because it requires less water.
The certified seeds distributed by the government are of much higher quality compared to other seeds.
I hear that hybrid seeds produce more than traditional seeds.
Treating seeds before planting is much safer than planting without treating them.
Using organic pesticides instead of chemical pesticides is beneficial for the environment.
It is better to plant rice seeds in fertile soil than in dry soil.
In the current situation, it is wise to use new seeds instead of old seeds.
Using improved seeds is more likely to increase production than using local seeds.
Only plant seeds after testing the quality, it's safer than planting without testing.
It's better to use compost along with fertilizer than just using fertilizer for farming.
It's better to plant corn this year than paddy because paddy needs a lot of water.
It's better to sell seeds at this time than store them, because you can get a good price.
Using certified seeds has a higher chance of good production compared to other seeds.
Seed treatment reduces the chance of disease, it's higher if you don't treat.
Hybrid seeds produce faster than local seeds.
It's more suitable to plant mustard in a field damaged by floods than wheat.
If the seed quality is good, the chance of increased production is higher compared to poor quality.
Using organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer is best for both the environment and health.
Storing seeds properly is much safer than keeping them in the open.
It's better to plant finger millet seeds this year than paddy seeds.
Hybrid seeds show more disease resistance compared to local seeds.
Buying seeds with the government subsidy is much more beneficial than buying them expensively.
It's best to test the soil before planting seeds, rather than planting without testing.
It's better to plant potatoes than sow wheat at this time because potatoes produce quickly.
Using chemical fertilizer damages the soil, compost fertilizer improves it.
Improved seeds have a higher chance of producing more than local seeds.
It's better to plant buckwheat this year than finger millet because it produces quickly.
It is best for the environment to use organic pesticides instead of chemical pesticides.
Local seeds are less expensive than hybrid seeds.
It's better to treat the soil before planting seeds in a damaged field.
It's best to use compost fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer for this crop.
It's better to dry seeds in the sun and store them than to keep them in a damp place.
Planting corn instead of paddy this time might be beneficial for farmers.
Local seeds are less disease-resistant than improved seeds.
It's much better to plant seeds after checking their quality than planting without checking.
Using organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer is beneficial for the soil.
It is best to dry the seeds well before storing them, rather than storing them without drying.
In the current situation, it is better to plant millet seeds than paddy seeds.
When using hybrid seeds, the possibility of increased production is higher compared to local seeds.
Buying seeds distributed by the government is cheaper than buying from the market.
It is better to test the soil before planting seeds than not testing it.
It is better to plant barley than wheat this season because it requires less water.
The use of chemical fertilizers damages the soil, while compost fertilizer makes the soil fertile.
Local seeds are more likely to get diseases compared to improved seeds.
It is much safer to store seeds in a dry place than in a damp place.
We couldn't plant paddy this monsoon because it didn't rain, what are we going to eat!
Many farmers' crops were destroyed because they didn't get weather forecasts on time.
What kind of climate adaptation training is this, we didn't learn anything useful.
This year, I don't know what's up, hailstones destroyed all the fruit trees.
The risk of floods and landslides has increased, but no one in the village cares.
I don't know how to do it, the corn I planted dried up and turned to ash because of the drought.
This snowfall burned all the potato plants, what to do now?
Because I didn't get seeds on time, I have to leave the field barren this year.
Due to the high price of chemical fertilizer, there is a compulsion to use only compost fertilizer.
Due to the lack of irrigation equipment, water could not be supplied to the field.
The mobile app that provides weather information doesn't work well either.
This year, many farmers have been affected because the paddy seeds were not good.
The grant that the government promised has not been received yet.
It has become very difficult to farm because of climate change.
This year, the corn production was not even half because it didn't rain.
The paddy seedlings planted in the field have dried up because there was no rain on time.
There is a lot of hassle in the bank to get an agricultural loan, it should be made easier.
Many farmers are not even aware of the crop insurance scheme.
Insects have infested the field and destroyed all the crops, what to do to control the insects?
There was a lot of damage because the weather forecast information was wrong.
Even when the village was flooded, no one came to rescue us.
The relief that the government promised has not been received yet.
This year, hailstones caused a lot of damage to vegetable farming.
Because of the drought, it's hard to find grass to feed the livestock.
This year, we were late planting rice because it didn't rain on time.
We can't even hear the weather forecast radio program properly.
The government didn't give any help for climate adaptation.
Because the flood and landslide damaged the road, we couldn't get the vegetables to the market.
Wheat production decreased because we didn't get fertilizer on time.
It was hard to even leave the house because there was so much snowfall this year.
Agricultural technicians don't come to the village and help the farmers.
The field was flooded because it rained so much this monsoon.
We suffered a lot of damage because we didn't get weather forecast information on time.
New diseases have started appearing because of climate change.
This year, the hail destroyed all the fruits by knocking them off.
I don't know how to prepare in advance to protect ourselves from floods and landslides.
Even though the government announced a drought, we haven't received any relief.
It's hard to travel because the road is closed due to this snowfall.
Even when I went and asked at the agriculture office, I didn't find a solution to the problem.
This year, I couldn't buy rice seeds because they were expensive.
I don't know how to make compost fertilizer to use instead of chemical fertilizer.
The plan to build a canal for irrigation hasn't even started yet.
The weather forecast website doesn't work properly either.
Don't know what to do to reduce the effects of climate change.
The government didn't do anything to avoid the risk of floods and landslides.
This year there was a drinking water problem because of the drought.
Because of the snowfall, we couldn't take the livestock to graze.
It's hard to pay because the interest on the agriculture loan is too high.
This year the hailstorm caused a lot of damage to vegetable farming, the government should provide compensation.
There was a lot of loss because the weather forecast information was wrong, who will take responsibility for this?
In this time after the earthquake, use water wisely by adopting a drip irrigation system.
In this greenhouse, water the plants according to the winter season irrigation schedule.
It is good to collect and use rainwater to avoid water scarcity.
In places where there is no canal irrigation system, underground water can be extracted and used.
Increase the use of sprinkler irrigation systems as it saves water.
Maintain the drip irrigation system on time, otherwise problems may arise.
Get a soil test done before using fertilizer, then only use fertilizer.
The use of power tillers saves both time and labor, so use it.
Use growth hormones from time to time for good plant growth.
Choose and plant improved seeds for good production.
Use mulch in the field to avoid water problems.
Drip irrigation system only gives the necessary amount of water to the plants, so it is best.
If you work by creating an irrigation schedule, it will be easier to manage water.
Drip irrigation helps a lot when there's water shortage.
Manage the pipes needed for drip irrigation in this greenhouse properly.
It's good to collect rainwater for irrigation after the rainy season is over.
Keep the canals clean for canal irrigation, so the water flows easily.
Get expert advice when installing a sprinkler irrigation system.
Excessive extraction of groundwater can cause problems in the future, so pay attention to its use.
Arrange the necessary materials for irrigation maintenance now.
Manage water for irrigation in the Rabi season starting now.
Don't let the water freeze when irrigating in winter, it affects the plants.
Even if the need for irrigation is less in the post-monsoon period, check regularly.
Be prepared for irrigation in the pre-monsoon period, there may be water scarcity.
Use fertilizer in the fields according to the type of soil.
Learn well about the power tiller before operating it.
Use plant growth hormones only after knowing about the required amount.
Prepare the soil well before planting seeds.
Using mulch helps to maintain soil moisture.
Contact the agriculture office to install a drip irrigation system.
Take advice from an agricultural expert to create an irrigation schedule.
Adopt alternative measures to reduce water scarcity.
Manage the budget for irrigation maintenance.
Coordinate with the local government to manage the canal irrigation system.
When using a sprinkler irrigation system, pay attention to the wind speed.
When using ground water, also pay attention to the water level.
A pond can be constructed to collect rain water.
Start preparing for the Rabi season from now.
Protect the plants from the cold in winter.
Make a plan on how to manage irrigation in the post-monsoon season.
Prepare to avoid drought in the pre-monsoon season.
When using fertilizer in the field, pay attention to the soil fertility.
Do regular maintenance of the power tiller.
The use of growth hormones increases production.
When selecting seeds, choose according to the local climate.
The use of mulch also helps to control weeds.
Make a list of the equipment needed for the drip irrigation system.
Update the irrigation schedule from time to time.
Plant drought-resistant crops in areas with water scarcity.
Take training for irrigation maintenance.
In this warehouse, we have stored the materials needed for drone spraying.
It is necessary to train farmers on the use of tractors.
It is very beneficial to farm using weather information from a mobile app.
The government should encourage the use of solar pumps, it makes irrigation easier.
Fertilizer and seeds for the Rabi season should be managed on time.
There is an increasing demand for improved seeds for crops planted post-monsoon.
It seems farmers need to be trained for crops planted in the spring season.
The use of solar pumps is reduced when there is excessive rainfall during the monsoon.
Crop production can be increased by using weather apps correctly.
I'm planning to buy a new tractor this year for planting rice.
Precision agriculture helps attract young people to agriculture.
Off-season vegetables can be produced using greenhouse technology.
Irrigation is possible even in drought-stricken areas with the help of solar pumps.
It has become very easy to plow the field with a power tiller.
Drone spraying technology reduces the time and cost of spraying pesticides.
Soil can be tested using a mobile app.
The weather app helps protect crops by providing rainfall information.
The government should provide subsidies for greenhouse technology.
The use of solar pumps can reduce diesel consumption.
Training is required for drone spraying.
Crop prices can be found from a mobile app.
The weather app helps in crop selection by providing temperature information.
Greenhouse technology saves water.
Solar pumps help in environment conservation.
Drone spraying helps in controlling pests.
Mobile app gives information about government schemes.
Weather app helps farmers plan according to the weather.
To attract youth, the use of new technology in agriculture should be increased.
Fertilizers and seeds should be provided on time for paddy farming in monsoon.
New technology should be used to increase wheat production in the Rabi season.
Farmers should be trained for vegetable farming in the post-monsoon season.
The government should provide subsidies for fruit farming in the spring season.
Drone spraying service needs to be made available in every village.
The weather app should be available in the local language.
The price of materials needed for greenhouse technology should be reduced.
The government should arrange easy installments for solar pumps.
Concessional loans should be made available to farmers to increase the use of power tillers.
As a veterinarian, I advise farmers to plant fodder trees for animals during winter near cold storage.
What I've seen in women-led agriculture, it's best to plant fruit trees around cold storage to increase carbon reserves.
Being a veterinarian, I found that women farmers have increased fodder production by using fertilizer in cold storage.
While working in cold storage, I saw that mixed farming systems greatly benefit women farmers.
As a veterinarian for women farmers in cold storage, I provide training on the proper use of irrigation equipment.
While working in cold storage, I learned that many women farmers have started using improved varieties of seeds for fodder.
Working as a vet in the cold storage, I've been encouraging women to plant timber trees, which gives good income in the future.
As a vet, for the benefit of women farmers in the cold storage, I've seen that the use of compost needs to be increased.
To increase the availability of fodder in the cold storage, women farmers should be distributed improved seeds.
Women farmers should use fertilizer properly to increase fodder production in the cold storage.
While working in the cold storage, I saw that many women farmers have adopted the shade farming system.
As a vet, I have encouraged women farmers to plant timber trees in the cold storage, which gives good income.
It is necessary to explain the importance of fodder to women farmers in the cold storage.
While working as a vet in the cold storage, I saw that women farmers face a shortage of fodder in winter.
It is necessary to advise women farmers to plant fruit trees in the cold storage, which helps in nutrition security.
As a vet, I encourage women farmers to use irrigation equipment to increase fodder production in the cold storage.
While working in the cold storage, I saw that many women farmers do not have information about carbon storage.
Women farmers should be taught what to consider when choosing fodder seeds in the cold storage.
As a vet, I need to teach women farmers how to conserve fodder in the cold storage.
While working in the cold storage, I found that many women farmers have adopted mixed farming systems, which is very beneficial.
Women farmers should be informed about the shade farming system in the cold storage, which helps to increase production.
Women farmers should be trained on how to use fertilizer to increase fodder production in the cold storage.
As a vet, I advise women farmers to choose a suitable place for fodder in the cold storage.
It is necessary to inform women farmers about the importance of fodder and its usefulness in the cold storage.
While working in the cold storage, I saw that many women farmers have planted timber trees for fodder.
As a vet, I encourage women farmers to plant fruit trees in the cold storage, which gives additional income.
It's important to train women farmers on how to manage fodder in cold storage.
While working in the cold storage, I saw that many women farmers face a shortage of fodder in winter.
As a vet, I advise women farmers to use irrigation equipment to increase fodder production in cold storage.
It's important to inform women farmers about how to use fertilizer in cold storage.
While working in the cold storage, I found out that many women farmers don't know about carbon sequestration, awareness should be raised about this.
Women farmers should be taught what to consider when selecting fodder seeds in cold storage.
While working in the cold storage, I saw that many women farmers have adopted mixed farming systems, which is very beneficial.
Women farmers should be informed about agroforestry in cold storage, which helps increase production.
Women farmers should be trained on how to use fertilizer to increase fodder production in cold storage.
I encourage women farmers to plant fruit trees in cold storage, which provides additional income, I advise this as a vet.
As a vet, I encourage women to plant fodder for carbon sequestration in cold storage.
Women farmers should be taught how to use irrigation equipment for fodder in cold storage.
As a vet, I advise women farmers to increase fodder production by using fertilizer in cold storage.
Women farmers should be taught what to consider when selecting fodder seeds in cold storage, I will help as a vet.
Women farmers should be informed about the appropriate time to plant fodder in cold storage.
As a vet, I need to teach women farmers how to conserve fodder in cold storage.
Women farmers should be informed about mixed farming systems in cold storage, which provides many benefits.
As a vet, I encourage women farmers to adopt agroforestry in cold storage.
Women farmers should be trained on how to use fertilizer to increase fodder production in cold storage, this is my suggestion.
This year, due to lack of timely rain, we are forced to rely on canal irrigation.
Traders are saying the price of vegetables has skyrocketed in the agricultural market because of the lack of water.
According to wholesalers, some farmers' crops have been damaged due to the lack of a proper irrigation schedule.
Many are asking about drip irrigation, but the investment is expensive for many farmers.
This year, the delay in the monsoon has led to excessive exploitation of groundwater, which could cause problems in the future.
Traders say the government should help farmers who want to install sprinkler irrigation systems.
Due to the lack of budget for irrigation maintenance, the canals are deteriorating, causing problems for the farmers.
There is a need to develop sustainable irrigation systems for food security.
Many farmers could not plant wheat this Rabi season due to water scarcity.
According to traders, adopting rainwater harvesting methods would make irrigation much easier.
Along with fertilizers and seeds, irrigation equipment should also be made available on time.
Due to lack of irrigation, farmers are forced to sell their crops.
Many farmers have started farming using power tillers, but the irrigation problem remains.
Traders say potato production has decreased this year due to irrigation problems.
It seems that investment in irrigation needs to be increased to ensure food security.
This time, most of the farmers could not plant paddy due to lack of irrigation.
Farmers have suffered a lot due to the lack of proper planning for irrigation.
It has been difficult to grow vegetables in the spring season due to water scarcity.
Farmers would get a lot of relief if the electricity tariff for irrigation was reduced.
Many farmers have started looking for alternatives to canal irrigation.
Due to lack of water, some farmers have had to leave their fields barren.
Even if you run to the bank for irrigation loans, it's not easy to get.
Due to lack of irrigation, the risk of food crisis is increasing.
Many farmers are forced to rely on rain for irrigation.
Farmers are forced to farm relying on rainwater because there's no canal irrigation system.
Due to lack of irrigation, farmers are forced to reduce the use of chemical fertilizers and pesticides.
If the government provided subsidies for drip irrigation, it would greatly help the farmers.
It seems farmers need to be trained to adopt alternative irrigation methods.
Due to the water problem, the price of rice is likely to increase this year.
In many places, fields are barren due to lack of irrigation, the government should do something.
Farmers are not getting the production they expected because there is no good irrigation system.
The local government should take initiative to solve the irrigation problem.
If the canal irrigation system could be managed, many farmers would get relief.
Due to lack of irrigation, some farmers are in a situation to quit agriculture.
This year, it cost a lot for irrigation because it didn't rain on time.
If ponds could be built to collect rainwater, it would be easier for irrigation.
Due to reduced production due to lack of irrigation, traders have to sell at high prices.
It seems that farmers need to make plans collectively for irrigation.
If the irrigation problem is not solved, food security seems to be seriously affected.
Many farmers are forced to just look up at the sky for irrigation.
Due to lack of irrigation, farmers are afraid to use new technology in their fields.
It would be so much easier if we could use the river water for irrigation.
Because there's no irrigation, farmers are forced to plant crops that need less water.
Looks like this year, rice production will go way down because of lack of irrigation.
Farmers are in trouble because they can't pay back loans due to lack of proper irrigation.
The government needs to bring a new plan for irrigation.
Because there's no irrigation, farmers have started looking for other jobs.
Looks like we all need to work together to solve the irrigation problem.
If we could install solar pumps for irrigation, many farmers would get relief.
Because there's no irrigation, farmers are being forced to sell their land.
Farmers need to learn about integrated pest management to reduce pesticide use.
We need to take some measures to control rats in the warehouse.
Be careful, there's been a bigger outbreak of bacterial disease in rice this year.
It's best to use organic methods to control crop pests.
Potato blight is a fungal disease, use the right medicine to prevent it.
Farmers can be at risk if they don't know about pesticide safety.
Spray medicine to control weeds in the field before planting corn.
The risk of viral diseases increases during the rainy season, so monitor your crops regularly.
Integrated pest management reduces the negative impact on the environment and human health.
Aphids can become a problem in this weather, use pesticides on time.
Farmers should be encouraged to use organic pesticides.
To protect crops from bacterial diseases, treat the seeds before planting.
Take safety precautions when using pesticides, otherwise it can seriously affect your health.
When storing grains in the warehouse, pay special attention to protect them from rats.
Potato blight is caused by fungus.
Consider the wind direction when using pesticides, it can affect you.
Farmers should be trained under the Integrated Pest Management program.
Using modern agricultural equipment is effective for weed control in the field.
Brown rust has appeared in wheat this Rabi season, start treatment in time.
Adopt biological control methods to reduce the use of pesticides.
There is an infestation of fruit flies on the bitter gourd plant, what to do?
When should pesticides be used to control stem borers in rice?
Have you taken training for the safe use of pesticides?
How can the use of chemical pesticides be reduced by using organic pesticides?
Currently, the infection of viral diseases in vegetable crops is increasing.
Can you teach some ways to control weeds in the field?
It is mandatory to use personal protective equipment when using pesticides.
Rats can cause great damage to crops, how to control them?
What measures can be taken to protect crops from bacterial diseases?
Let's organize a workshop to provide information about Integrated Pest Management.
Let's encourage farmers to use organic fertilizers to reduce the use of pesticides.
Potato production has decreased due to fungal diseases.
What medicine should I use to control weeds in the field?
Using light traps is effective for controlling crop pests.
What measures should be taken to prevent stored grain from getting infested with pests?
How can the environmental impact of pesticide use be reduced?
This year, lentil is showing root rot disease, what should be done?
The concept of integrated pest management needs to be conveyed to the farmers.
What are the things to keep in mind while using pesticides?
The government should provide subsidies to increase the production of organic pesticides.
There is a higher chance of blight disease in tomatoes in the current season.
Locally available herbs can be used to control crop pests.
When using poison for rat control, keep it away from children and pets.
Use weeding methods to control weeds in the field.
How does integrated pest management help increase farmers' income?
How can the negative impact of pesticide use on the soil be reduced?
Use disease-resistant seeds to protect crops from viral diseases.
What programs has the government introduced to promote the use of organic pesticides?
Paddy production is likely to decrease this year due to the increased outbreak of fungal diseases.
How can we prevent water sources from being contaminated when using pesticides?
Where should I go to get training to sell goods in the online market?
This year the price fluctuated a lot, how to manage?
Does cooperative farming increase or decrease access to the market?
Is direct selling beneficial for the customer or not?
The price of potatoes has decreased in the local market, is there any way to sell them somewhere else?
The crops didn't grow well this season because I couldn't get fertilizer, what to do now?
Where do I get the documents needed for export?
The seeds didn't germinate well because of this year's rain, what to do now?
It will cost a lot for transportation if I take it to the wholesale market.
What do I need to register in the online market?
It rained during the harvest, how to protect the crops now?
It is difficult to sell directly in this hilly region, how to do it?
There are complaints that cooperative organizations are cheating farmers.
There is a lot of competition in the local market, how to sell goods?
The price of potatoes has decreased a lot, so there will be a lot of losses this year.
It was very difficult to get chemical fertilizer this year, what to do now?
I need to find out what kind of rules there are for export.
What kind of response do customers give in the online market?
Crop production decreased this year due to rain, how to make a living?
Where to find customers for direct sales?
After joining cooperative farming, can I sell individually or not?
There's no transport to get goods to the local market, what to do?
Where can I find improved seeds for winter crops this year?
The road to the wholesale market is bad, how to take it there?
How to promote my products in the online market?
This year there was no production due to drought, what to eat now?
How to set prices when selling directly?
What documents are needed to register in a cooperative?
What should I do to get a good price in the local market?
This year insects ate a lot of crops, what to do?
Which country is most profitable for exporting?
What are the payment methods in the online market?
Due to the rain damaging the road, I couldn't deliver goods to the wholesale market.
This year there was a lot of potato production, so it's difficult to get a good price.
We farmers always suffer losses because of the middlemen.
Even after getting involved in cooperative farming, there was no profit, what to do now?
It is difficult to find a market to sell directly in this place.
What should I do to compete in the local market?
Does the government provide any assistance for export?
Do I have to pay tax when selling goods in the online market?
This year hail destroyed all the crops, how to make a living now?
If we sell at the wholesale market, we have to sell on credit.
The cooperative doesn't give fertilizer and seeds on time, what to do?
How to set the price of goods in the online market?
Has the government brought any programs for direct sales?
What should be done to attract customers to the local market?
Because of too much rain this monsoon, the crops didn't grow well.
Hello, when is the compost fertilizer making training?
How is the wheat seed this Rabi season? Which variety gives good yield?
How does using organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer improve the soil's biological processes?
Can you teach me how to make natural pesticides? The insects are bothering me in the field.
How do we get a market premium for the organic vegetables we produce?
Where can I find the materials needed to make compost fertilizer?
Where should I go to get a soil health test? What does the soil test show?
How does organic farming help to stop youth migration in agriculture?
What is the certification process for organic products? How long does it take?
It's time to plant potatoes, where can I find improved seeds?
What kind of plan do you have for this year's Kharif season?
What is the easiest way to make compost fertilizer?
When will you give training to farmers on making natural pesticides?
What kind of support does the government provide to farmers who do organic farming?
Can we run a consumer awareness program for the organic vegetables we produce?
What kind of seed is good for planting corn this spring season?
What should be done to increase soil fertility?
How to market organic vegetables?
What to do to get a grant for a power tiller?
What is the possibility of organic farming in our village?
How to earn good income from organic farming?
Where can I find seeds needed for organic farming?
It would be good to give farmers training on making compost fertilizer.
How to prepare the soil during the planting season?
Consumer awareness programs increase the demand for organic products.
What is the role of soil biology in organic farming?
How much does it cost for certification?
What should be done to get a market premium for organic products?
What effect does the use of chemical fertilizers have on the soil?
How to use compost fertilizer in the field?
What kind of soil should be there for organic farming?
How do natural pesticides control insects?
How to manage water in organic farming?
How to manage fertilizer in organic farming?
Consumers should be informed about organic products.
We should increase the use of compost fertilizer in the fields.
How many farmers have shown interest in organic farming this year?
How to utilize natural resources in organic farming?
Contact the agriculture office for seeds.
Compost fertilizer is very important in today's time.
We should encourage farmers to use organic fertilizer.
The demand for organic products is increasing.
Is there a subsidy on potato seeds this year or not?
Let's organize a workshop to provide information about making natural pesticides.
How to collect samples for soil testing?
A program should be held to teach how to make fertilizer.
Farmers should be motivated for organic farming.
Certification of organic products helps to get a good price in the market.
Can I get information on what plans the government has brought for agricultural infrastructure development this year?
When is the agricultural extension service team coming to provide training on making organic fertilizer?
What should be done now to participate in the crop insurance scheme?
The government should also provide credit facilities to small farmers.
Farmers should be encouraged to use compost fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
The government needs to bring special programs to attract youth to agriculture.
It would be good if farmers got subsidies for power tillers.
We should ask the agriculture extension office what crops are good to plant this season.
Looks like the land improvement program will really benefit small farmers.
The agriculture extension office should run soil testing camps from time to time.
How much subsidy is the government giving for rice seeds this year?
What documents are needed to get an agriculture loan?
The government should bring a plan to reduce the impact of climate change on agriculture.
They should teach us how to use organic pesticides for pest control.
There was a lot of rain this monsoon, how do I get compensation for crop damage?
The government should simplify the process for subsidies on agricultural tools.
There should be training to increase the use of technology in agriculture.
Has the government brought any programs to protect local seeds?
The government should also give farmers subsidies for irrigation equipment.
The agriculture extension office should provide agriculture related information in every village.
Many farmers still don't know about crop insurance.
The government should increase investment in agricultural infrastructure.
There should be easy agriculture loans to attract young people to agriculture.
What kind of import-export policy has the government taken this year?
Farmers should be trained to use modern technology in agriculture.
The agriculture extension office should run crop disease identification camps from time to time.
The government should increase the fertilizer subsidy for farmers.
What documents are needed to get an agriculture loan, please tell me.
Has the government done anything to reduce the impact of climate change on agriculture?
The government should subsidize the materials needed for irrigation for farmers.
What programs has the government brought this year for the development of the agriculture sector?
The agricultural extension service should help farmers test their soil.
The government should also provide concessional loans to small farmers.
The government should encourage farmers who do organic farming.
The government should pay attention to the construction of agricultural infrastructure.
How much subsidy is there on potato seeds this year?
The agricultural extension service should go to the villages and do soil testing.
What documents are needed for crop insurance?
What kind of facilities are available under the land improvement program?
Has the government brought any plans to increase the export of agricultural products?
How much budget has the government allocated to the agriculture sector this year?
Has the government done anything to promote mechanization in agriculture?
What arrangements has the government made to provide agriculture-related training to farmers?
The government should encourage local production.
The government should bring some plans to increase investment in agriculture.
The government should make the agricultural insurance program effective.
Government should bring special programs to increase women's participation in agriculture.
Can I get information on how much subsidy the government has given to the agriculture sector this year?
This year, it seems like there will be more pests in winter crops, so adopt organic control measures on time.
Don't forget to take safety precautions when using pesticides in the fields.
By adopting integrated pest management, the use of chemical pesticides can be reduced.
It's easier to control weeds when young farmers work together.
Excessive pesticide use in hilly areas has a negative impact on the environment, so let's reduce its use.
If any disease (fungal, bacterial, or viral) is seen in the crop, consult an agricultural expert immediately.
By using compost manure in the field, the use of chemical fertilizers can be reduced, which reduces crop diseases.
It is easier to control harmful insects when young people work together in groups.
It is better to use organic pesticides to control various types of insects in the field.
Read the instructions on the label carefully before using pesticides.
Call an agricultural technician to identify diseases in the fields.
Young people should take training on the safe use of pesticides together.
Weeds should be controlled in time to prevent crop diseases.
Take necessary precautions to protect your health when using pesticides.
Let's encourage the use of organic pesticides instead of chemical pesticides.
Young farmers should increase their knowledge by taking integrated pest management training.
Neem oil can be used to control insects in the field.
Use organic fungicide to protect crops from fungal diseases.
If the crop has a viral disease, consult with an agricultural expert immediately.
Youths can use light traps to control harmful insects.
If you see a lot of insects in the field, take advice from an agricultural technician before using pesticides.
Don't forget to wear a mask and gloves for safety when using pesticides.
Remove the weeds seen in the fields in time, otherwise it will affect the crop.
After using pesticides, manage the empty containers safely.
Youths should run a campaign to use organic fertilizer in the fields together.
Treat the seeds before planting to prevent diseases in the crop.
Plant local varieties of plants to control insects in the field.
Adopt various methods for integrated pest management.
Increase the use of compost fertilizer to reduce the use of pesticides.
Youths should take training to make organic pesticides together.
Consider the wind direction before using pesticides.
Use homemade methods to kill harmful insects seen in the fields.
Immediately remove the fungal diseased plant from the field.
Go to the agriculture office to get information about various diseases in the field.
Young farmers should know about the environmental impact of using pesticides in the field.
Inspect the field regularly to prevent diseases in the crop.
Before using pesticides, get information about its effects and ways to reduce the effects.
Weeds seen in the fields should be controlled in time.
Using organic methods to control pests helps balance the environment.
Young people, get together and form a group to share info about pest control.
Use healthy seeds to avoid crop diseases.
Keep food and water away when using pesticides.
Use local knowledge and technology to control pests seen in the fields.
Keep fungus-infected crops separate from other crops.
Young people, work together to raise awareness to reduce pesticide use.
Wash your hands thoroughly after using pesticides.
Use beneficial organisms to control pests seen in the fields.
Get your soil tested to prevent crop diseases.
Young farmers should get training to use the correct amount of pesticides.
Let's protect the environment by adopting integrated pest management.
Which variety of wheat seed is most in demand this year?
Until when can farmers take the paddy seeds?
What kind of fertilizer do you recommend for this year's winter crops?
At what price should we provide corn seeds to the farmers?
How much subsidy has the government given for potato seeds?
How many fruit plants are estimated to be sold this year?
What quantity of black lentil seeds should we keep this year?
When is the season to plant cardamom seedlings?
What kind of seed is good for this year's spring corn?
Do farmers need an ID card to get wheat seeds?
How many kinds of vegetable seeds are we giving to farmers this year?
How much does a bag to store rice seeds cost?
How many farmers will millet seeds be enough for this year?
How can farmers safely store soybean seeds?
How much discount can be given to farmers on irrigation equipment?
How much radish seed was produced this year?
What things should be considered before giving turmeric seeds to farmers?
How to protect rice seeds from diseases?
When are we distributing potato seeds to the farmers?
How many orange saplings are planned to be planted this year?
What documents are needed when selling corn seeds to farmers?
How much lentil seed will be in demand this year?
Can farmers get seeds on loan from this seed bank?
How much bitter gourd seed was produced this year?
Until when should farmers plant rice seeds?
At what price are we selling wheat seeds to the farmers?
What is the price of tomato seeds this year?
How to distribute rice seeds to the farmers?
Can farmers get insurance for this seed?
How many farmers are we aiming to give seeds to this year?
Does this seed grow well without fertilizer?
What's the demand for potato seeds like this year?
How should we teach farmers how to use this seed?
How many farmers registered for corn seeds this year?
How do we give farmers information about this seed?
How much cauliflower seed was sold this year?
What kind of services are we planning to give farmers this year?
Can we give farmers training about this seed?
How many farmers are we giving wheat seeds for free this year?
How much soybean seed was collected this year?
Can farmers be helped with seed transportation?
How many farmers bought fruit plants this year?
Can we assign volunteers to teach farmers how to plant seeds?
How many farmers need cardamom plants this year?
How should we package and give rice seeds to farmers?
How many farmers took millet seeds this year?
Can we make a mobile app to give farmers information about seeds?
How many farmers applied for lentil seeds this year?
Can we distribute pamphlets to farmers about seeds?
How many farmers took vegetable seeds this year?
Due to lack of water, it will be difficult for the cooperative to do direct sales as planned this year.
Even though pesticide use increases production, there's fear that demand in the local market might decrease.
Due to fertilizer shortage, the cooperative couldn't bring goods from the wholesale market this year.
Since there was a lot of rain this monsoon, there might be price fluctuations.
It's going to be a lot of hassle to make export documents for the cooperative this year.
The cooperative complained that farmers are not getting fair prices because of middlemen.
Since there was no rain in the pre-monsoon this year, should we depend only on the online market?
The cooperative has planned to sell organic products in the local market during the spring season.
Because it was very cold this winter, the cooperative's vegetables were not produced well.
The cooperative has introduced a new plan to promote cooperative marketing this year.
Due to lack of tractors, the cooperative couldn't work on time.
Considering the price fluctuations, the cooperative decided to inform the farmers.
The cooperative will provide training on increasing production using growth hormones.
The cooperative suffered a big loss this time because of low demand in the local market.
The cooperative is thinking of making a new app for online marketing.
The cooperative is encouraging farmers to use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
The cooperative has planned to remove the middlemen and sell directly to the consumers.
I heard the government will provide some grants for cooperative marketing.
The cooperative has arranged to sell agricultural materials directly from this year.
Due to lack of water, it's difficult to deliver goods to the wholesale market this time.
The cooperative has decided to help farmers prepare export documents.
The cooperative is going to make a new website for the online market.
Cooperative marketing has made it very easy for the farmers in the village.
The cooperative is facing problems because the price of chemical fertilizer has increased.
The cooperative had informed about the fluctuations in the price of paddy this year.
The cooperative has introduced a new plan to sell its goods in the wholesale market.
Customers are very happy as the cooperative is selling directly.
Production decreased this year due to the lack of chemical fertilizer, what to do now?
The cooperative is providing training on how to sell its products in the online market.
The cooperative is teaching farmers the correct way to use pesticides.
The cooperative said that farmers are suffering because of middlemen.
The cooperative has planned to increase its production in the local market.
The cooperative learned a lot from this time's price fluctuations.
Many farmers are happy after the cooperative arranged to sell directly.
The cooperative has organized a program this year to provide information about export documents.
Farmers have benefited a lot from cooperative marketing.
The cooperative is preparing to open a separate department for the online market.
The cooperative has organized a visit to inform farmers about the wholesale market.
The cooperative couldn't sell directly this year because of the water shortage.
The cooperative is looking for new ways to reduce price fluctuations.
The cooperative raised the issue that farmers are not getting fair prices because of middlemen.
The cooperative has planned to increase organic production in the local market.
The cooperative has decided to take some commission for selling goods in the online market.
It seems the government needs to bring some policies for cooperative marketing.
The cooperative experienced that it was very difficult to deliver goods to the wholesale market this time.
The cooperative has arranged training for preparing export documents.
Many customers liked it when the cooperative sold directly.
The cooperative has been successful in establishing its identity in the local market.
There is news that the cooperative is going to create a new app for selling goods in the online market.
The cooperative has planned to study about price fluctuations this year.
Hopefully, the interest rate on loans from the agricultural bank will be lower than taking loans from the cooperative to farm.
The loan process of the cooperative is more cumbersome compared to the grants provided by the government.
This year, seed subsidies are more necessary for farmers than fertilizer subsidies.
I've heard that it's easier to repay microfinance loans than local cooperative loans.
In today's time, the use of power tillers seems more effective than plowing with oxen.
Getting insurance claim payments is harder than paying off cooperative loans.
This year, there is a higher chance of better crops if organic fertilizer is used instead of chemical fertilizer.
It is difficult to get government grants on time compared to cooperative loans.
In the village, microfinance interest rates are higher than cooperative loans, which are easier to get.
Compared to other years, this year's paddy production in the Kharif season looks good.
Using organic fertilizer increases soil fertility more than using chemical fertilizer.
Paying off a cooperative loan is easier than getting an insurance claim.
Buying fertilizer in the market is easier than getting subsidized fertilizer, but it's expensive.
This year, more farmers have received cooperative loans than government subsidies.
Compared to before, farmers are now showing more interest in crop insurance.
Microfinance loans are faster to get than cooperative loans, but the interest is higher.
Buying fertilizer from the market is faster than getting subsidized fertilizer.
Agricultural insurance reduces risk more than taking out a cooperative loan for farming.
The cooperative loan process should be simpler than the government subsidy process.
I heard that the interest rate on agricultural development bank loans is lower than on local cooperative loans.
Nowadays, plowing with a power tiller is faster than plowing with oxen.
Getting an insurance claim is much more complicated than paying off a cooperative loan.
This year, using organic fertilizer increases soil fertility more than using chemical fertilizer.
The cooperative will conduct special programs to educate Terai farmers about the importance of soil testing.
The cooperative stated that the use of compost fertilizer should be increased as floods have reduced soil fertility.
The cooperative has urged farmers to get their soil tested during the Kharif season.
The cooperative has arranged for soil testing for the Rabi season.
The cooperative will provide farmers with advice on which crops to plant based on the soil test results.
The cooperative will encourage farmers to use organic fertilizer to prevent soil degradation.
The cooperative has brought a special program to improve the soil condition after the flood.
The cooperative is going to provide training to farmers on how to make compost fertilizer.
The cooperative will encourage the use of green manure in the spring to increase soil fertility.
The cooperative has requested farmers to get their soil tested for wheat cultivation.
The cooperative will organize a soil testing camp and provide free service to the farmers.
The cooperative will emphasize making flood-damaged soil productive again by using compost fertilizer.
The cooperative will provide all the necessary equipment for soil testing.
The cooperative is going to bring a special program for soil testing during the rainy season.
The cooperative has informed that the lack of nutrients in the soil affects production.
The cooperative urges farmers to plant crops only after testing the soil.
The cooperative has planned to arrange a mobile laboratory for soil testing.
The cooperative has launched a program to distribute compost fertilizer to promote organic farming.
The cooperative will distribute pamphlets providing information about the nutrients required in the soil.
The cooperative will provide training to farmers on making organic fertilizer to reduce the use of chemical fertilizer.
The risk of floods and landslides in Terai is higher in monsoon compared to other times, so be careful.
More fertilizer is needed to plant rice in Terai than in the hills, maybe because of the soil quality.
This year the crops dried up due to drought, last year it was flooded; the impact of natural disasters is always the same.
If it had rained as predicted in the weather forecast, the potatoes would have been good, but looking at the sky, there is no sign of rain.
The effect of cold waves is less in Terai than in the hills, but it is difficult to protect the elderly.
Using compost fertilizer is much better for the environment than using chemical pesticides.
There was drought during rice planting because it didn't rain, but hailstones caused a lot of damage during wheat harvesting.
The risk of soil erosion is higher in the hills compared to the Terai, so the possibility of landslides is also high.
The improved seeds provided by the government increased production, but it needs more fertilizer compared to local seeds.
It would be easier for farmers if they could get weather information on time, now we don't even know when the storm will come.
Last year's flood destroyed the rice, so this year I have to get rice insurance.
Compared to before, we have to use more chemical fertilizer in the field now, maybe because the soil fertility is decreasing.
This year, we couldn't plant rice seedlings because it didn't rain on time, last year we were able to plant easily because it rained on time.
It has become difficult to farm because rainfall is irregular due to climate change, it wasn't like this before.
Compared to other years, this year's hailstones caused damage to maize and wheat crops.
The flood early warning system should be made more effective in the Terai than in the hills, there is a high risk of flooding.
This year, potato blight occurred, there was no such problem last year, we have to use a lot of pesticides.
It would be easier if we could bring fertilizer home on time instead of standing in line at the cooperative to buy fertilizer for rice farming.
Although it is easier to grow rice in the Terai compared to other places, the fear of floods always remains.
Wheat production has decreased this year, it was good last year, maybe it happened because of the weather.
It would be good if the government brought some plans for climate adaptation, it would be very easy for the farmers.
Although there is no fear of landslides in the Terai like in the hills, the risk of floods always bothers us.
This year rice production was low because it didn't rain, last year there was good production because it rained on time.
There weren't so many insects in the field before, now it is difficult to farm without using pesticides.
Farmers should be trained to grow flood-resistant crops in the Terai because the risk of flooding has increased.
In the hills, you can farm with less investment because land is scarce, but in the Terai, you need a lot of investment.
Because of the fear of floods during the monsoon, we couldn't plant rice on time. Last year, planting on time resulted in good production.
This year, the hailstorm caused a lot of damage to the vegetables. Last year, I got a good price.
It's faster to buy fertilizer in the market than to get the government subsidized fertilizer; there's too much hassle at the cooperative.
In the hills, we have to rely on rainwater because there's no irrigation, but in the Terai, there's canal access.
Before, there was no technology to predict the weather, now you can see it on your mobile, but how much to trust it?
Compared to other places, it's easier to grow rice in the Terai, but the fear of floods always worries us.
I'm worried about how to repay the loan after the crops dried up due to drought. Last year, the flood washed everything away.
Although there is no risk of landslides in the Terai like in the hills, flooding causes a lot of damage.
The weather has changed due to climate change; we didn't used to have such droughts before.
I heard that the agricultural insurance brought by the government provides compensation, but the process is complicated.
The amount of fertilizer needed for rice cultivation in the Terai is not as necessary in the hills.
The current weather forecast is not as reliable as before; it has proven wrong many times.
This year, the rice got a disease; there was no such problem last year. I don't have money to buy pesticides.
The use of agricultural tools is more common in the Terai than in the hills, it's easier because the land is flat.
If the programs brought by the government for farmers were effective, it would help food security, not at the slow pace like now.
Hailstorms are less frequent in villages now than before; the effects of climate change are starting to show.
It's difficult to carry fertilizer in the hills; in the Terai, it can be easily transported by tractor.
If the government built embankments to reduce the risk of flooding, land erosion would be reduced; now the land is washed away every year.
This year, rice production will be low because it didn't rain on time; last year it was good because it rained on time.
Before, farming was done using natural fertilizer, now there's no production without chemical fertilizer.
Even though there's plenty of water for rice farming in Terai, production decreases due to lack of fertilizer.
Unlike the hills, Terai has more land, so farming can be done on a large scale.
We couldn't plant rice on time because it didn't rain as predicted, we just had to keep looking at the sky.
As the rice started drying up due to drought, I had to buy diesel to water it, last year there was a lot of damage due to the flood.
In this situation after the flood, spraying pesticides with a drone seems faster than with a tractor.
It would be better to farm by getting weather information from a mobile app than by operating a power tiller.
I don't have money to buy fertilizer, so I'm thinking of taking drone spraying service this year.
It's easier to apply for drone spraying from the cooperative than to rent a tractor to spray pesticides.
It's much better to irrigate your own field by installing a solar pump than to go drive a power tiller in someone else's field.
In this time, it is more beneficial to use a modern tractor than to plow the field with oxen.
Testing the soil using a mobile app is much more scientific than guessing in the traditional way.
It seems cheaper to use a power tiller than a tractor to plant rice this year.
I was thinking of buying a power tiller before, but now I'm thinking of choosing drone spraying because the cooperative is giving discounts on it.
It is much safer to follow the information from the weather app provided by the local government than to farm by looking at the sky.
It is easier to buy a power tiller with a cooperative loan than to get a government subsidized tractor.
Since potatoes have a disease this year, I am thinking of using a drone instead of looking for a tractor to spray pesticides.
Although a tractor is useful for farmers with a lot of land, a power tiller is best for those with little land.
It is better to take drone spraying training to spray pesticides than to pay others to do the work.
In today's world, plowing with a tractor is much faster than plowing the field by raising oxen.
Using a mobile app for weather info for farming is way better than planting crops the traditional way.
Using a weather app is more reliable than just farming based on what you hear on the radio.
Power tillers are easier to fix and cheaper to maintain than tractors.
Using a solar pump to get water to the field is better for the environment than using a diesel pump.
It's better for young people to do greenhouse vegetable farming here than to go abroad and suffer.
Using organic fertilizer is much better for the soil than using chemical fertilizer.
Testing the soil before planting is much better than regretting it later.
Using a planting machine saves time compared to using a tractor for planting rice.
This year, instead of using a power tiller, I'm thinking of using a drone to spray medicine on the crops.
I heard it's cheaper to use a drone to spray pesticides than using a tractor.
Using a mobile app for weather info is safer than farming based on what the village elders say.
It's better to get training to operate a power tiller than to depend on others.
Nowadays, it's easier to find agriculture info on your mobile than in books.
This year, it's better to use a seed drill machine than a tractor for sowing wheat.
It's easier to buy fertilizer from the cooperative than to stand in line for the government subsidy.
This year, I'm thinking of using a modern rice transplanter instead of a tractor for planting rice.
Using a solar pump to irrigate the field is more environmentally friendly than using a diesel pump.
Using a modern thresher to harvest rice saves time compared to using a sickle.
Nowadays, plowing the field with a tractor is faster and easier than raising oxen and plowing.
Using a mobile app to test the soil is more scientific than traditionally looking at the soil and guessing.
If you know how to use a power tiller, you can do the work yourself instead of asking others for help.
Taking training to fly a drone to spray pesticides is better than paying others to do the work.
It's easier to check a mobile app to know when it will rain than guessing by looking at the sky like before.
It takes less time to plant rice with a modern machine than in the traditional way.
In this time, it's easier to watch YouTube on your mobile than listening to agriculture programs on the radio.
It's easier to apply to a cooperative for a power tiller loan than running to the bank.
Plowing the field with a tractor is faster now than plowing with oxen in the old days.
I don't have money to buy fertilizer to plant potatoes this year, so I'm thinking of using drone spraying service.
This mobile app for weather forecasting is much better than before.
It's easier to apply for drone spraying from the cooperative than looking for a tractor for rent.
Knowing how to use a mobile app that gives weather information is much easier than bothering others by asking.
Plowing the field with a power tiller is faster than plowing with oxen.
Inform farmers about soil testing before selling seeds, it helps determine fertilizer needs.
Encourage farmers to use organic compost fertilizer, it increases soil fertility.
Keep improved seeds in the seed bank so that they are easily available to farmers.
Motivate farmers to increase production collectively by joining cooperative farming.
Train farmers on the proper use of irrigation equipment, it saves water.
Only keep seeds for sale that are in demand in the local market.
Inform farmers about fluctuations in seed prices in a timely manner.
Tell farmers about the importance of organic fertilizer to reduce the use of chemical fertilizer.
After taking seeds from the seed bank, make sure to give the farmer a seed receipt.
Help farmers who want to sell seeds in the online market.
Try to connect farmers directly with consumers to reduce the role of middlemen.
When giving information about seeds to farmers, use the local language, it's easier to understand.
Start storing the necessary seeds for the Rabi season now.
Pay special attention to the storage process to maintain seed quality.
Create informative posters and pamphlets to provide information about seeds.
Make farmers aware of the impact of climate change on seed production.
Inform farmers about the necessary procedures for creating export documents.
Inform farmers about how to get subsidies when buying seeds.
Forecast how much seed demand there will be for the upcoming crop.
Advise farmers to consider soil type and climate when selecting seeds.
When giving information about seeds, also tell them about new government schemes.
Give some incentives to farmers who deposit seeds in the seed bank.
Keep the seed stock ready before the rainy season starts.
Encourage farmers to produce seeds keeping in mind the demand of the local market.
When setting the price of seeds, do it in a way that benefits both farmers and consumers.
Keep improved varieties of seeds ready for crops planted in the spring season.
Tell farmers what to consider when buying seeds, they will avoid being cheated.
Organize agricultural fairs in different places to provide information about seeds to farmers.
Make a Facebook page to give info about the new seeds that came to the seed bank.
When selling seeds in the online market, pay attention to customer feedback.
Adjust the seed bank's schedule so it's easy for farmers to buy seeds.
Make a plan to maintain the balance of seed demand and supply.
Give training to the seed bank staff about seeds.
Coordinate with a lab to test the quality of the seeds.
Give farmers information about how and when to plant seeds.
Start an SMS service to give farmers information about seeds.
Arrange a toll-free number to give farmers information about seeds.
Collaborate with the local radio station to give information about seeds.
Coordinate with agricultural experts to give information about seeds.
Publish articles in local newspapers to give information about seeds.
Organize group discussions in villages to give farmers information about seeds.
Collaborate with agricultural cooperative organizations to give information about seeds.
Run agricultural education programs in schools and colleges to give information about seeds.
Participate in agricultural exhibitions to give information about seeds.
Take farmers on agricultural tours to give information about seeds.
Use agricultural websites and apps to give information about seeds.
Make agricultural audiovisual materials to give information about seeds.
Establish an agricultural information center to give information about seeds.
Conduct necessary training to create export documents.
Create a proper environment to encourage farmers to sell directly.
Increasing soil fertility by using compost fertilizer is much better than using chemical fertilizer.
Making compost fertilizer takes effort, using chemical fertilizer doesn't take that much.
Mulching makes it easier to maintain soil moisture, but composting takes a little more time.
Crop rotation increases soil fertility, but planting the same crop gives high yield at first, but decreases later.
Keeping the soil healthy by using green manure is a better way than using chemical fertilizer.
Soil erosion is a big problem in hilly areas, the soil here is more at risk compared to the Terai.
Wheat production was a little less this year in the Rabi season, compared to last year.
Planting rice in monsoon is easier, planting wheat in winter is not that easy.
Maize production is good in the Kharif season, but it needs more fertilizer compared to other crops.
Planting vegetables in pre-monsoon is more beneficial than planting at other times.
Using organic fertilizer is much safer than using the hormones available in the market now.
Production increased when mulching was done in this field, but there was no significant difference in the other field.
Using improved seeds increases production, but local seeds maintain soil fertility.
Chemical fertilizer increases production immediately, but negatively affects soil health in the long run.
According to the soil test report, this soil has more lime content than the other soil.
Planting trees to prevent soil erosion is easier than adopting other measures.
Using compost fertilizer increases the amount of organic matter in the soil, that doesn't happen when using chemical fertilizer.
Mulching helps to control weeds, but using herbicides affects the soil.
If you use crop rotation, the soil nutrients stay balanced, but planting the same crop causes nutrient deficiency.
Green manure gives nitrogen to the soil, but chemical fertilizer also gives other nutrients.
Production decreases because of land degradation, but good management can increase production.
Mustard production is good in the Rabi season, but paddy production is low.
There's a lot of rain in monsoon, so paddy farming is good, but it can be a problem for other crops.
It's easier to plant corn in the Kharif season than to plant paddy.
Vegetable prices are good in pre-monsoon, but not so much in other seasons.
Using growth hormones increases production, but it can also have negative effects.
This year paddy seeds are a bit expensive, compared to last year.
The government has subsidized chemical fertilizers, but hasn't paid much attention to organic fertilizers.
Compost fertilizer is more useful for maintaining soil fertility than chemical fertilizer.
Using organic pesticides to control crop diseases is safer than using chemical pesticides.
It's very important to do soil testing these days, it wasn't given much importance before.
Mulching in the fields saves water, but it takes a lot of time.
Crop rotation improves soil health, but you have to plan and work for it.
Using green manure provides essential elements to the soil, which are not in chemical fertilizers.
Land degradation reduces production, so we should try to prevent it.
When farming wheat in the Rabi season, water management should be good, otherwise production may decrease.
When farming paddy during the monsoon season, fertilizer should be used correctly, otherwise production will not be good.
When farming corn in the Kharif season, it should be protected from insect infestations, otherwise there will be a lot of damage.
You can get off-season benefits from vegetable farming in the pre-monsoon, but the risks are just as high.
Farmers are having problems this time because fertilizer prices have gone up; it wasn't like this last year.
It's better to use organic methods than chemical methods to prevent soil degradation.
Using compost fertilizer provides the soil with the necessary nutrients; chemical fertilizers don't have all the elements.
Using mulching helps control soil temperature, but it needs to cover the soil well.
Crop rotation increases soil fertility, but you have to choose the right crops for it.
Green manure naturally fertilizes the soil; chemical fertilizers do it quickly but artificially.
Arable land is decreasing due to land degradation, but it can be prevented.
When growing wheat in the Rabi season, you have to water and fertilize it on time, or production may decrease.
Sitting in the cold storage and getting information from the weather app, we can plan to spray medicine with drones in case of water shortage.
As an agricultural officer, I should encourage farmers to reduce fertilizer use and spray pesticides with drones.
It seems we need to encourage wheat farming using power tillers this Rabi season due to water scarcity.
Sitting in the cold storage, I advise farmers to keep track of their produce using a mobile app.
Due to the water problem, we need to increase the use of solar pumps this year, so farmers should be trained.
Being an agricultural officer, I must inspire farmers to adopt modern greenhouse technology.
The plan is to advise farmers to plant crops after getting rainfall information using the weather app.
Sitting in the cold storage, I need to train farmers for drone spraying.
Information about power tillers should be provided because they can work quickly even in water scarcity.
Since there was less rain this monsoon, irrigation should be done using solar pumps in the fields.
Since using drones makes it easier to spray medicine in the fields in case of water shortage, there is a plan to demonstrate it.
Sitting in the cold storage, farmers should be taught how to test soil using a mobile app.
Farmers should be told to be careful when using fertilizer this year because there is less water.
As an agriculture officer, I should teach farmers how to use growth hormones correctly.
In the absence of water, high yields can be achieved with less water by adopting precision farming.
Farmers should be informed about the grants provided by the government for drone spraying.
Sitting in the cold storage, farmers need to be informed about modern agricultural technology.
It seems that the planting work needs to be completed quickly this year by increasing the use of tractors.
Being an agriculture officer, I advise farmers to use fertilizer only after getting weather information.
In the absence of water, farmers should be helped to apply for solar pumps.
Farmers should be trained on the use of drones as it makes spraying pesticides faster and more effective.
It seems that the demand for power tillers will increase this year due to water scarcity.
As an agriculture officer, I should teach farmers how to keep records of their produce using a mobile app.
Farmers should be informed about how to get the necessary permits for drone spraying.
Sitting in the cold storage, farmers should be made to understand the importance of precision farming.
Farmers should be encouraged to install solar pumps in the fields this year as there is less water.
Being an agriculture officer, I should advise farmers to plant crops using a weather app.
In the absence of water, the use of tractors can save time and labor.
Farmers should be told about the use of drones as they can be used to identify crop diseases and pests.
Sitting in the cold storage, I should teach farmers how to increase production by using advanced technology.
Due to the lack of water this year, fertilizer use may have to be reduced.
As an agriculture officer, I have to inform farmers about the use of growth hormones.
I have to explain to farmers how precision farming helps with water scarcity.
The process for government subsidies for drone spraying should be simplified.
Sitting in the cold storage, I need to train farmers on modern agricultural technology.
This year, the plan to increase tractor use and farming should be successful.
Farmers should be taught about collecting and using rainwater when there's water scarcity.
Farmers should be encouraged to use drones because using them makes spraying pesticides in the field safer.
Sitting in the cold storage, I need to teach farmers how to check their soil using a mobile app.
This year, a plan should be made on how to increase the use of power tillers due to water scarcity.
As an agriculture officer, I need to teach farmers how to find out the price of their produce using a mobile app.
Farmers should be informed about the technical knowledge required for drone spraying.
Sitting in the cold storage, farmers should be informed about the equipment needed for precision farming.
This year, farmers should be motivated to install solar pumps in the fields because there has been less rain.
When using pesticides in the greenhouse, don't forget to wear a mask for safety, otherwise it can affect your health.
If you see an outbreak of pests in the crop, immediately adopt biological control methods, don't ignore it.
If weed control inside the greenhouse is not done on time, the plants will not grow, be careful.
Do not plant seeds without testing the soil in the sowing season, the production may not be good.
When using pesticides, use them only after mixing the dose properly, if it is too much, there is a risk of the plant dying.
Fungal diseases can occur if proper water management is not done in the greenhouse, pay attention to irrigation.
Ignoring the integrated pest management system can cause great damage to the crop.
If you don't take proper measures for rat control, they can destroy the greenhouse plants.
Too much chemical pesticides reduces the soil fertility, so be careful using it.
If you don't manage ventilation properly in the greenhouse, viral diseases can spread.
Even when using organic pesticides, don't forget to wear protective clothing, it can cause skin allergies.
If you don't arrange proper storage during harvest season, the grains can get infested with insects.
If you don't control the temperature in the greenhouse, the plants can wither.
If you don't remove weeds on time, fertilizer won't be used properly, and production can decrease.
If you see symptoms of bacterial disease in the greenhouse, start treatment immediately.
Don't use fertilizers in the greenhouse without checking the quality, it can affect the plants.
Pay attention to the wind speed when spraying pesticides, the wind can blow it and affect others.
If you don't regularly monitor for pests in the greenhouse, the outbreak can increase.
If you don't sterilize the soil before planting seeds, there's a high chance of disease.
Wash your hands thoroughly with soap and water after using pesticides, otherwise it can harm your health.
Don't let water accumulate when irrigating, it can cause root rot problems.
If you don't manage light properly in the greenhouse, plant growth can be stunted.
If you don't pay attention to integrated pest management, the use of chemical pesticides can increase.
When using rat poison, keep it away from children and pets, it can be dangerous.
Don't use pesticides on an empty stomach, it can seriously affect your health.
If you don't regularly maintain old equipment used in the greenhouse, they may become unusable.
Don't throw away empty bottles and packets of pesticides carelessly, it can pollute the environment.
Only use fertilizer in the greenhouse based on soil testing, otherwise the plants might get damaged.
If you don't pay attention to the depth when planting seeds, they might not sprout.
When using organic pesticides, check the expiry date before using, it might not work.
When using chemical pesticides for weed control, take precautions to protect the plants.
If there's not good airflow in the greenhouse, disease and pest outbreaks can increase.
If you don't wear a proper mask when using pesticides, you might have breathing problems.
If you don't set traps in the right place for rat control, you might not succeed.
If you don't regularly clean the plastic used in the greenhouse, it can block light.
If you don't manage water well, the crop might have a nutrient deficiency.
Don't go back to work immediately after using pesticides, rest for a while.
If you cultivate without checking the soil acidity in the greenhouse, it will affect production.
Seeds shouldn't be planted without treating them to protect them from fungus.
Local knowledge shouldn't be ignored in integrated pest management programs.
It can be dangerous if you use pesticides without carefully reading the instructions on the label.
Accidents can happen if workers in the greenhouse aren't informed about the risks of pesticides.
If you don't consider the wind direction when using herbicides, it can affect the neighbor's crops.
Using home remedies for rat control might not be effective, be aware.
If you don't regularly clean the equipment used in the greenhouse, diseases can spread.
Crops can dry out due to lack of water, arrange for irrigation on time.
Don't let children come near when using pesticides, they might get poisoned.
If you don't maintain the right temperature in the greenhouse, the plants might not grow well.
If you don't test the soil fertility before planting seeds, you might not get a good harvest.
If you don't wear safety glasses when using pesticides, it can affect your eyes, so be careful.
After the earthquake, if we use compost fertilizer in this soil, will it increase or decrease the soil fertility, how do we know?
What things should we pay attention to when testing soil in hilly areas?
Where can we find the materials needed to make compost fertilizer this planting season?
Where can we get training on making compost fertilizer in the hilly region?
How much compost fertilizer should we use to improve soil quality?
What should be done to increase soil fertility in the post-monsoon season?
What things should we keep in mind when using fertilizer in earthquake-disturbed land?
How to collect a sample for soil testing?
What can be done to prevent soil erosion this pre-monsoon season?
Will someone come to teach us how to make compost fertilizer in earthquake-damaged land?
Who to contact to get information about the use of compost fertilizer in the earthquake-affected area?
What should be done to determine the amount of compost fertilizer in the soil?
What measures can be taken to increase soil fertility this spring season?
Does using compost fertilizer without testing the soil have a negative effect?
What materials do farmers need to make compost fertilizer?
What is a simple way to make compost fertilizer in the hilly region?
What effect does the use of compost fertilizer in the soil have on production?
Is compost enough to increase soil fertility, or do we need something else?
What kind of system is there in local government to test the soil?
What kind of plants can be planted to reduce soil erosion caused by the earthquake?
How can using compost fertilizer in the soil reduce the need for chemical fertilizers?
What should be mixed to make compost fertilizer in the soil damaged by the earthquake?
How to manage fertilizer in the soil of land disturbed by the earthquake?
Does land degradation affect soil fertility?
How much does it cost to test the soil?
What are the long-term effects of using compost fertilizer on soil health?
Does compost fertilizer alone increase soil fertility, or should other methods also be adopted?
What is the role of compost fertilizer in preventing land degradation?
How to understand the soil test report?
Are there any risks in the process of making compost fertilizer?
What policies are needed to improve soil health in hilly areas?
We encourage farmers to improve soil health by teaching them how to make compost fertilizer.
Soil testing shows a lack of nutrients in the soil, so it seems that the use of fertilizers should be increased.
Due to lack of water, it is important to conserve soil moisture by using compost fertilizer.
Mulching technology can be adopted to make fertilizer in storage.
We advise farmers to plant trees to prevent soil degradation.
There is a lack of space to make compost fertilizer in the field, so it has to be made in the warehouse.
We should organize training to explain the importance of compost fertilizer to farmers.
By using compost fertilizer, we can reduce the use of chemical fertilizers.
It's difficult to transport compost fertilizer from the warehouse to the field.
Using compost fertilizer is effective for increasing soil fertility.
The use of organic fertilizer increases the water absorption capacity of the soil.
We have arranged to send soil samples to the lab for testing.
It is necessary to inform farmers about crop rotation.
We must adopt various measures to prevent soil degradation.
The necessary materials for making compost fertilizer are available in the warehouse.
We encourage farmers to use green manure.
Soil testing reveals how much fertilizer is needed for which crop.
It is difficult to make compost fertilizer during the rainy season.
We invite farmers to participate in compost fertilizer making training.
There is no alternative to compost fertilizer to improve soil health.
We must make farmers aware of how to prevent soil degradation.
The management of materials required to make compost fertilizer is done from the warehouse.
Soil fertility can be increased by adopting crop rotation.
Green manure provides the soil with the necessary nitrogen.
There is a lack of space to store compost fertilizer in the warehouse.
It is easier to determine the amount of fertilizer after testing the soil.
It's our duty to teach farmers how to make compost fertilizer.
Land degradation has caused a huge loss in production.
We can reduce the import of chemical fertilizers by using compost fertilizer.
It is necessary to inform farmers about crop rotation.
Using green manure makes the soil fertile.
The materials needed to make compost fertilizer have been collected in the warehouse.
We have arranged for free soil testing.
It is necessary to explain the importance of mulching to farmers.
Using organic fertilizer is best to increase soil fertility.
Using compost fertilizer increases the soil's water retention capacity.
Adopting crop rotation reduces the possibility of soil-borne diseases.
The use of green manure provides the soil with the necessary nutrients.
Soil condition can be known by testing the soil.
Using compost fertilizer improves the physical structure of the soil.
In the absence of water, compost fertilizer keeps the soil moist.
We must take immediate steps to prevent land degradation.
Compost fertilizer making training will be organized near the warehouse.
Soil moisture can be maintained by adopting mulching technology.
Using compost fertilizer helps reduce dependence on chemical fertilizers.
Special attention should be paid to minimize the risk of fungal diseases in seeds stored in the seed bank.
Before planting seeds in pre-monsoon, it's important to test the soil using biological control methods.
We make farmers aware that they should take safety precautions when using pesticides.
Integrated pest management helps protect crops from pests.
Laboratory testing is needed to identify viral diseases in crops.
Using a power tiller is effective for controlling a lot of weeds in the field.
Pesticide safety training enables farmers to use pesticides correctly.
Special programs should be conducted to control rats in the seed bank.
Using compost fertilizer helps make the soil healthy and also helps in weed control.
The use of herbicides should be reduced to protect seeds during the rainy season.
Local varieties of seeds have been found to have less pest infestation.
Seed banks should encourage farmers to use organic pesticides.
Bacterial diseases in crops should be identified in time.
Treating seeds during the planting season reduces the chance of disease.
Excessive use of pesticides in fields has a negative impact on the environment.
The government should make the integrated pest management program more effective.
Seed banks should teach farmers various methods for weed control.
Using compost fertilizer increases soil fertility and also increases disease resistance.
To control rats, the seed bank should distribute poison to the farmers.
Personal protective equipment should be used when using pesticides.
Special attention should be paid to areas where water accumulates during the rainy season, as weeds grow a lot there.
The seed bank should distribute improved seeds and also tell us how to protect them from pests.
Integrated pest management helps protect the environment.
Using pesticides kills even the good germs in the soil.
We should weed from time to time to control weeds.
Before putting seeds in the seed bank, they should be dried well, otherwise they might get moldy.
When making compost fertilizer, it should be made so that it doesn't have weed seeds.
Traditional methods can also be effective for controlling rats.
You have to consider the wind direction when using pesticides.
In integrated pest management programs, organic pesticides should be prioritized.
Mulching can also be used to control weeds.
Seed banks should inform farmers about the safe use of pesticides.
Identify the pests in the field and use the right pesticide.
We need to find alternatives to chemical pesticides for weed control.
Seed banks should teach farmers how to make compost fertilizer.
Collective effort is needed to control rats.
You should know about the effects on human health when using pesticides.
Environmental pollution is reduced when using biological control methods.
Modern agricultural tools should be used for weed control.
Seed banks should explain the importance of integrated pest management to farmers.
The use of chemical pesticides reduces the fertility of the soil.
If there are too many weeds in the field, the crop production decreases.
We need to be careful because rats can destroy seeds in the seed bank.
Integrated pest management helps reduce farmers' costs.
Crop rotation should be changed to control weeds.
We need to get information about pests and diseases in the Rabi season.
The use of pesticides has a negative impact on the food chain.
It's been very difficult to control weeds in this post-flood time.
I know that the use of chemical pesticides has a bad effect on the environment, but that's the only solution for now.
Pesticide use can be reduced by adopting integrated pest management methods.
Many farmers are worried this year because of the increased incidence of stem borers in rice.
What to do, blight disease has been seen in potatoes?
The pumpkin vine borer has eaten the leaves of the bitter gourd plant, what to do now?
I heard that you should wear a mask for safety when using pesticides, but I haven't worn one yet.
If pests could be controlled by biological methods, the use of pesticides could be reduced.
There is a high possibility of bacterial diseases in rice this season.
The government should train farmers on the safe use of pesticides.
Rats have been eating the maize seeds planted in the field and making me crazy.
I didn't find anyone in the pesticide shop who could give good information about pesticides.
This year a viral disease wiped out the tomato plants.
Agricultural experts had explained the things to consider when using pesticides.
To protect from diseases in paddy seeds, seed treatment should be done.
There are too many weeds in the field, making it difficult to plant paddy.
If pesticides are not used properly, it has a negative impact on health.
Will the local agriculture office provide any help for pest control?
It's good to grow vegetables using organic pesticides.
During the rainy season, there is a risk of fungal diseases in paddy.
To reduce pesticide use, the use of organic fertilizers should be increased.
Integrated pest management programs can be effective in protecting crops from pests.
The government's subsidy on pesticides has increased pesticide use.
This year, a strange type of viral disease has appeared in the field.
I'm planning to spray pesticides to control the paddy stem borer infestation.
Who in the village knows how to spray pesticides?
Nowadays, organic pesticides are easily available in the market.
Many say that the use of pesticides reduces the fertility of the soil.
I have to set poisoned traps to control rats in the field.
Brown spot disease in paddy is caused by fungus.
After taking integrated pest management training, I have greatly reduced pesticide use.
There are too many weeds in the field, so it needs weeding now.
You should be aware of the environmental impact of using pesticides.
Spraying pesticides on the diseased plant didn't cure it.
We had to call the agriculture technician because the pest infestation increased in the field.
The government should inform farmers about the safe use of pesticides.
Bacterial diseases are also one of the various diseases that affect rice.
We should encourage controlling pests through organic methods instead of pesticides.
Which pesticide is good to use for weed control?
The use of pesticides accumulates harmful chemicals in the soil.
Rats destroy crops and cause great loss to farmers.
There is concern that rice production will decrease due to a viral disease in the field.
You should wear gloves to protect your skin when using pesticides.
Adopting integrated pest management methods also reduces costs.
The use of pesticides can also contaminate water sources.
Because there are many weeds in the field, the effect of fertilizer is also less visible.
This year, fungal diseases caused a lot of damage to rice.
The use of pesticides also kills beneficial insects.
This year, the demand for ginger seeds is higher than for cardamom.
Corn seeds sell faster than rice seeds.
Farmers seem more interested in soybean seeds than wheat seeds.
The use of compost manure is safer than chemical fertilizer.
This year, more orange seedlings were sold than apple seedlings.
This year, the price of rice seeds is more expensive than other times.
You'll find fewer farmers looking for millet seeds compared to wheat.
Using organic fertilizer is better for the soil than chemical fertilizer.
Because the demand for power tillers has increased during rice planting season, the use of oxen is decreasing.
It's easier to store wheat seeds compared to corn.
The price of onion seeds has skyrocketed compared to potato seeds.
Tomato seeds are easily available compared to other vegetables.
It looks like wheat seeds will sell more than rice seeds this year.
Ginger production is better when using compost fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
Millet seeds sell less compared to rice seeds.
The demand for kiwi seedlings has increased this year compared to apple seedlings.
It's easier to grow wheat compared to rice.
The demand for tomato seeds is higher than chili seeds this year.
The price of rice seeds has increased this year compared to other times.
Corn seeds germinate faster than wheat seeds.
The demand for cardamom seeds is low this season compared to ginger.
Rice seed production has decreased this year compared to other years.
Wheat seeds are easier to store than rice seeds.
Fruit seedlings sold more than vegetable seeds this year.
The price of wheat seeds is lower compared to rice.
Soybean seeds are expensive compared to other seeds.
Farmers believe that wheat seeds germinate faster than paddy seeds.
Using organic fertilizer increases soil fertility compared to chemical fertilizer.
Corn seeds are cheaper than paddy seeds.
This year, demand for buckwheat seeds has increased compared to finger millet seeds.
Paddy seeds are cheaper here compared to other places.
Wheat seeds are easier to plant than corn seeds.
This year, demand for barley seeds has increased compared to wheat seeds.
Mustard seed prices fluctuate a lot compared to other seeds.
Growing corn requires less water compared to paddy.
This year, demand for lentil seeds has increased compared to black gram seeds.
The price of chemical fertilizer has increased this year compared to other years.
Wheat seeds can be stored for longer than paddy seeds.
This year, demand for onion seeds has increased compared to potato seeds.
Ginger seeds are more expensive than other vegetables.
Finger millet seeds sell less compared to paddy.
This year, demand for lemon saplings has increased compared to orange saplings.
Mustard seeds are cheaper compared to other seeds.
Corn seeds are easier to plant than paddy seeds.
This year, demand for barley seeds has increased compared to buckwheat seeds.
Wheat seeds are easier to store compared to paddy.
This year, the demand for mustard seeds is higher than for wheat seeds.
Soybean seeds are more expensive compared to other seeds.
Can we use some organic methods for weed control in this cold storage?
I'm worried seeing the possibility of increased insect infestation this Kharif season.
How to protect crops from fungal diseases without using pesticides in the current situation?
I heard that using compost manure also helps in weed control, is that true?
Rats have started cutting goods in the warehouse, what should be done to control this?
There was a lot of rain this monsoon, which caused even more weeds to grow.
I don't really believe that crops can be protected from pests by adopting biological control methods.
We need to organize a training to inform farmers about pesticide safety.
I've heard a lot about integrated pest management, but I don't know how to implement it.
Weeds cause a lot of problems during the seed planting season.
What should be done to prevent the spread of viral infections in this cold storage?
Many people may not know how pesticide use affects the environment.
Is the use of mulching effective for weed control in organic farming?
Should we start preparing now, fearing an increase in pest outbreaks in the pre-monsoon?
Using a tractor makes it easy to control weeds, but how to use it in a small field?
I'm not clear on how the use of irrigation equipment promotes weeds.
What measures can be taken to protect crops from bacterial diseases?
It is very important to take safety precautions when using pesticides.
How can integrated pest management reduce the use of chemical pesticides?
Are there any new technologies that have come for biological control?
We should adopt a new way for weed control this year.
How to encourage farmers to participate in pesticide safety training?
What kind of training is needed for integrated pest management?
I don't know how effective it is when adopting biological control methods.
If weed control is not done, it greatly affects crop production.
It is important to know how the use of pesticides affects the soil.
The environment can be protected by biological control methods.
Advise me on which pesticide to use for weed control.
What kind of equipment should be used for pesticide safety?
How does integrated pest management benefit farmers?
Why are farmers hesitant to adopt biological control methods?
Farmers have suffered a lot of losses due to not being able to control weeds.
How does the use of pesticides affect human health?
What programs has the government brought for integrated pest management?
How can the government encourage farmers to adopt biological control methods?
Where should I go to get information about using new technology for weed control?
What are the rules for pesticide safety?
Which means should be used to inform farmers about integrated pest management?
How much does it cost to use biological control methods?
What are the alternatives to using pesticides for weed control?
What precautions should be taken for pesticide safety?
How to unite farmers for integrated pest management?
What motivates farmers to adopt biological control methods?
What is the best time for weed control?
Where should farmers be called to provide information about pesticide safety?
What resources are available for integrated pest management?
What challenges do farmers face in adopting biological control methods?
Which method is most effective for weed control?
Which language should be used to provide information about pesticide safety?
It's so hard to find good breed cow semen for animal husbandry, where to keep searching?
Getting fertilizer this Rabi season was the hardest it's ever been.
We never got the grant for goat farming that the government talked about.
In poultry farming, it's hard to even recover the investment because of the price of feed.
This year, we couldn't even run the irrigation equipment properly in the winter because there wasn't enough water.
I'm tired of searching for good buffalo breed semen, where can I find it?
It seems it costs a lot to build a pond for fish farming, it's not as easy as I thought.
I took training to make compost fertilizer, but I had problems because I didn't get technical support.
The power tiller is broken and sitting idle, it's hard to find someone to fix it.
It's become so hard to find grazing land for sheep farming, and the forest office didn't help.
When the honey production was supposed to be good, the beehives got diseased and everything was destroyed.
I'm so tired of the disease problem in pig farming, we need vaccines on time.
I'm thinking of raising yaks, but I'm worried about how to manage animal feed in the high mountain areas.
The government has brought an agricultural insurance plan, but it's too complicated to get compensation.
When I try to get information about the livestock insurance plan, the agricultural office staff don't even care.
There is always a shortage of fertilizer when it's time to plant crops, we never get fertilizer on time.
I'm tired of going to the agriculture office for improved seeds, but I didn't get any.
It's very difficult to get a loan to dig a boring for irrigation, the bank makes all sorts of excuses.
This year, we couldn't even plant rice because it didn't rain during the monsoon season.
When we call the vet, they don't arrive on time, and we're afraid the animals will get sick and die.
When filling out the form for agricultural input subsidies, they ask for too many documents, it's difficult for farmers.
There is no training available to learn modern agricultural technology, we are forced to farm in the old way.
It is very expensive to buy medicine for animals, poor farmers have problems.
It is not easy to get information about government agricultural programs, they hide everything.
It is difficult to get fish fry, and many die when brought from far away.
There is no one to teach how to make compost, we are forced to use only chemical fertilizers.
I applied for a loan to buy agricultural tools, but it hasn't been approved yet.
This year the hailstorm destroyed the crops, but the government didn't provide any help.
Vaccines for goats are not available on time, many goats die.
The grant the government said they'd give for building a cowshed hasn't come yet.
It's hard to raise chickens because the chicks are expensive, they should be cheaper.
No one comes to give information about buffalo diseases, we have to learn everything ourselves.
I don't have money to buy modern beehives, I have to make do with the old ones.
The bank didn't agree to give a loan to build a pig pen, how to raise them?
There's no place to sell sheep wool, we have to sell it cheap.
There's no market to sell yak milk, it all goes to waste.
No one comes to buy grain at the support price set by the government, we have to sell it cheap.
When I go to the agriculture office to complain, no one listens, everyone is busy with their own work.
I have to go very far to take fish farming training, it would be easier if it was nearby.
I have agricultural insurance but I still haven't received compensation even though the crops were destroyed.
There's no place to learn to operate a power tiller, I have to learn to operate it myself.
This year the rice got a disease and there was a lot of damage, the government should help.
It's hard to get artificial insemination service to improve the breed of cows, the technicians don't come on time.
The quality of chicken feed is not good, we have to feed them cheap feed.
There's no dairy to sell buffalo milk, we have to sell it cheap.
There's no market to sell bee honey, middlemen buy it cheap.
There's no market to sell pig meat, we only have to sell it in the village.
There is no industry to process sheep wool, all the wool goes to waste.
Looks like the monsoon might not come on time this year, there are no signs of rain.
We should decide about storing potatoes only after looking at the weather forecast.
The cold doesn't affect the stuff in the cold storage, right? We need to pay special attention during the winter.
Who knows, it looks like there will be a drought this year. We need to discuss it in the cooperative and find a solution.
Many farmers are complaining that hailstones damaged their vegetables.
Since the risk of floods and landslides has increased, we need to keep the stored goods safe.
What kind of plans can we make for climate adaptation?
If we had received an early warning on time, could we have reduced this damage?
It would be a relief to many if we could increase the storage capacity this Rabi season.
How to manage fertilizer for the Kharif season?
How to protect potatoes from frost in winter?
Does the pre-monsoon storm affect the storage?
Production can be increased by proper use of fertilizer, farmers should be trained.
Priority should be given to young people who have been trained to operate power tillers.
We should set up a camp in the village to teach how to make compost fertilizer.
This year there was a lot of loss due to disease in paddy, now we should insure the paddy.
The cooperative should arrange for farmers to get loans at low interest rates.
What to do if the stored wheat gets infested with insects?
Proper temperature should be maintained while storing potatoes, otherwise they may rot.
It would be very easy for farmers if they could get weather forecast information on their mobile via SMS.
This year, rice planting was delayed due to low rainfall.
We should work together to reduce the impact of climate change on agriculture.
Are there any ways to protect crops from hail?
This year's monsoon seems like it will cause a lot of damage.
High-quality seeds should be available in cooperatives.
A notice board should be put up to give farmers weather information.
Can we get a loan to build a new building to increase storage capacity?
Farmers should be informed about agricultural insurance.
What kind of fertilizer should we use to increase rice production?
Is there a provision for subsidies for cold storage?
The flood washed away many people's fields, what to do now?
If we had received timely weather information, there wouldn't have been so much damage.
A separate app should be created to provide weather forecasts to farmers.
This year's potato production was not good, what to do now?
Many farmers are worried because of the drought.
Hail destroyed the crops, the government should provide compensation.
We must prepare in advance to avoid floods and landslides.
New technologies should be used to reduce the impact of climate change.
It doesn't look like the winter crops will be good this year.
Pre-monsoon storms cause a lot of damage to crops.
What precautions should be taken when storing goods in cold storage?
What's the last date for filling the form for the power tiller?
This year potatoes have disease, might need to do agriculture test.
What to do to avoid damage from the monsoon?
What kind of programs are there for climate adaptation?
This year many farmers couldn't plant crops because of the drought.
There's a high chance of heavy rain this year's monsoon.
What should be done to reduce the damage from floods and landslides?
Women farmers in Terai should take special care when storing seeds, otherwise the seeds might get fungus.
Using hybrid seeds and increasing chemical fertilizer without testing the soil fertility can be harmful.
Don't just use improved seeds randomly, choose according to your soil and climate.
If you plant seeds without treating them, there's a high chance of disease in the plants, so be careful.
Only use certified seeds, fake seeds can greatly affect production.
Ignoring local seeds increases the risk of native crops disappearing in the future.
You can get cheated if you buy seeds without checking the quality, be aware.
When choosing seeds, don't just listen to the seller, also learn about other farmers' experiences.
Don't forget to check the soil moisture before planting seeds in the winter season, otherwise the seeds will have difficulty germinating.
When storing seeds, don't keep them in a damp place, there is a risk of pests.
Don't be fooled into thinking that paying a high price for improved seeds is the only way to get good results.
When choosing seeds, consider your field's soil type and water availability, otherwise you'll regret it.
Delaying planting time too much can reduce production, try to plant on time.
If you plant seeds directly without treating them, the insects in the soil can damage them.
Don't buy seeds without checking the seed quality test report, you might get cheated.
Using a lot of chemical fertilizer when using improved seeds can be harmful to your health.
When storing seeds, don't keep windows and doors closed, there should be air circulation.
Don't use seeds from hybrid crops for next year, the yield will decrease.
When choosing seeds, prioritize disease-resistant seeds, it's easier to protect the crop.
During the rainy season, pack the seeds well to protect them from water, otherwise they will lose their ability to germinate.
If you have to pay more than the price set by the government when buying seeds, inform the relevant authorities.
If you use fertilizer blindly without testing the soil before planting seeds, the soil's fertility may decrease.
When using improved seeds, there should be good irrigation, otherwise the yield may not be as expected.
When storing seeds, don't forget to use neem leaves to protect them from insects.
When choosing seeds, prioritize seeds that are suitable for the local climate, you'll get a good yield.
Don't plant seeds without reading the details on the seed packet, planting them the wrong way will affect the yield.
If you don't prepare the soil well before planting seeds, it can be difficult for the seeds to germinate.
When treating seeds, use pesticides carefully, it can affect your health.
When choosing seeds, prioritize varieties that mature quickly, the risk of climate change is reduced.
When using hybrid seeds, don't ignore the use of organic fertilizer in the soil, the soil's health may deteriorate.
When storing seeds, keep them in a cool and dry place, don't keep them in a sunny place.
When using improved seeds, don't plant them in places where water accumulates, the plants may rot.
When choosing seeds, consider your family's needs, don't just depend on the market.
When planting seeds, be careful not to plant them too deep, they might not sprout.
If you plant seeds without treating them, there's a risk of soil diseases infecting the seeds.
When buying seeds, don't buy expired ones, they won't germinate well.
Get expert advice when choosing seeds, choosing the wrong seeds can cause a big loss.
When storing seeds, make proper arrangements to protect them from rats, they can be destroyed.
If you use improved seeds but don't manage fertilizers properly, production can decline.
When choosing seeds, prioritize those easily available in the local market, they'll be useful in emergencies.
If the soil lacks essential nutrients before planting seeds, it will affect production.
Wear protective clothing and a mask when treating seeds, pesticides can affect you.
When choosing seeds, consider climate change and choose drought-resistant varieties.
Be careful when using insecticides while storing seeds, it has negative effects on health.
When using hybrid seeds, don't use the same seeds continuously, it affects soil fertility.
When choosing seeds, choose different varieties for fields near water sources.
Don't use too much pesticide when treating seeds, it has a negative impact on the environment.
Choosing seeds with low disease resistance increases the risk of disease.
Don't store seeds in places where light penetrates, the quality of the seeds may decrease.
Looks like the rice production will be good in the hills this year, if farmers get fertilizer on time.
Farmers are disappointed because they couldn't get improved seeds when sowing wheat.
Many people's seeds dried up because it didn't rain when planting corn.
Vegetable prices have skyrocketed this season, and farmers have also received good prices.
I was happy to see so many fruits on the apple tree this year.
Many farmers suffered losses because lentils got infested with bugs.
The government should encourage farmers who grow millet.
Even with good soybean production, farmers are worried because they can't find a market.
I hope to send my son to Kathmandu to study with the money from selling ginger.
Many farmers stopped farming cardamom after the price dropped.
If it rains during rice harvesting, it's ruined, so we have to do it quickly.
It's difficult to apply chemical fertilizer in the fields during the rainy season.
Many couldn't buy potato seeds this year because they were expensive.
The government should provide subsidies to farmers for wheat cultivation.
The soil is suitable for orange farming in this place.
The corn plants turned yellow because it didn't rain.
Even after spraying pesticide in the field, the insects didn't die.
There is a possibility that the price of rice will increase this year due to decreased production.
Farmers know that the use of chemical fertilizers affects the soil.
The government should arrange for farmers to get loans for seeds.
Hopefully, there will be good rice production this year.
There is a problem because there is no place to store the wheat seeds.
What kind of fertilizer is needed to grow corn?
There is no water facility for vegetable farming in this place.
It would be great if I could get training for fruit farming.
This year the price of lentil beans has increased.
Finger millet flour is very good for health.
A soybean oil making industry can be opened here.
Who gives training on making ginger pickle?
New technology should be used in cardamom farming.
Is a paddy harvesting machine found here or not?
It smells a lot when putting fertilizer in the field.
What should the soil be like when planting potatoes?
Where is the market for farmers to sell wheat?
Where are orange saplings found in this place?
Corn production decreased because it didn't rain.
How to spray pesticide in the field?
What should be done to increase the price of paddy?
Organic fertilizer should be used instead of chemical fertilizer.
Who helps farmers to buy seeds?
Where can I find wheat seeds?
What kind of soil is needed for corn farming?
What is the future of vegetable farming in this place?
What kind of support does the government provide for fruit farming?
How much lentil was produced this year?
Finger millet roti tastes so good.
How do you make black soybean dal?
How to cultivate ginger?
Where can I find cardamom plants?
The agricultural bank should give loans at subsidized rates to women farmers in Terai, but the process is complicated.
It's difficult to get cooperative loans during planting season; we can't buy fertilizer and seeds on time.
We suffered a lot of loss because we didn't get the government-subsidized fertilizer on time.
After the rice crop was damaged this year, I applied for an insurance claim; let's see what happens.
The agricultural bank should bring special programs for women farmers.
I'm worried about how to repay the cooperative loan after the wind blew away the corn I grew with so much effort.
You have to run around a lot to get the government subsidy for fertilizer and seeds.
I heard the agricultural bank has arranged loans to buy power tillers; I should go and find out.
It's difficult to get agricultural loans because women farmers don't have land in their names.
The crops I planted started to dry up this year because it didn't rain on time; now I have to start the agricultural insurance process.
Many women farmers are in trouble because they can't repay the loans they took from the cooperative.
It would be good if the government gave subsidies for irrigation; it's difficult to farm relying on rainwater.
No one comes to the village to give information about the loans provided by the agricultural bank.
Many people's rice production has decreased this year because the seeds were not good; the government should subsidize seeds.
If I had done agricultural insurance before, I would have gotten relief now.
It's so hard to harvest crops without farm laborers; it would be easier with a power tiller.
Many farmers have to take loans at high interest rates because cooperatives don't give loans on time.
Those who sell government-subsidized fertilizer on the black market should be punished.
It takes too long to get agricultural insurance money; it would be a relief if it were faster.
Many fields remained barren this year because it didn't rain during rice planting; will the agricultural bank help at all?
The agricultural bank should arrange for women farmers to get loans easily.
Cooperatives ask for too much paperwork when giving loans, so it's a hassle to get a loan.
Government subsidies for agriculture should reach the real farmers.
I applied for insurance after the flood washed away the crops; I wonder when they'll come to inspect.
The agricultural bank should train farmers and teach them new technologies.
Many farmers have had to sell their land because they couldn't repay cooperative loans.
The government should increase subsidies on fertilizer and seeds for farmers.
The rice fields were flooded this year because of heavy rain; I've informed the insurance company.
The agricultural bank should launch a campaign to open savings accounts for farmers.
Cooperatives are exploiting farmers by charging high interest rates.
The government should subsidize farmers to buy modern agricultural equipment.
The drought dried up the crops this year; I hope the insurance money will provide some relief.
The agricultural bank should give loans to women farmers without collateral.
Cooperatives take too much commission when giving loans; this should be stopped.
The government should subsidize farmers to buy improved seeds.
This year insects destroyed the paddy, I've applied for insurance, it's so hard to get.
Agriculture Bank should provide technical support to farmers.
Cooperatives hesitate to give loans to small farmers.
The government should subsidize solar panels for irrigation for farmers.
This year, paddy production decreased due to lack of timely rain, the insurance money will provide some relief.
Agriculture Bank should prioritize and provide loans to women farmers.
Cooperatives create a lot of hassle when giving loans, it should be easier.
The government should provide subsidies to farmers to buy agricultural tools.
This year hail destroyed the crops, when will the insurance money come!
Agriculture Bank should go to villages and inform farmers about loans.
Cooperatives are making farmers bankrupt by charging high interest rates.
The government should encourage farmers to use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
This year paddy production decreased due to excessive heat, hopefully the insurance money will provide some relief!
Agriculture Bank should arrange training for women farmers.
Cooperatives ask for a lot of documents when giving loans, so it's difficult to get a loan.
Using too much chemical fertilizer in the fields of Terai reduces the fertility of the soil, sisters!
Women farmers, continuously planting the same crop depletes the soil's nutrients and weakens the land.
If you don't do soil testing on time, the acidity increases and it becomes difficult for crops to thrive, be aware.
During the rainy season, soil erosion can wash away fields, so take preventive measures in time.
Using chemical fertilizer instead of compost destroys the natural properties of the soil, be mindful.
Using plastic mulch increases soil pollution, look for eco-friendly options.
If you don't rotate crops, soil diseases and pests can increase, be careful.
If you don't use green manure, the soil will lack essential nutrients, pay attention.
As land degradation increases, production decreases, so protect the soil in time.
In fields where water accumulates during the monsoon, soil fertility decreases, arrange for water drainage.
In the pre-monsoon season, windstorms blow away the soil, protect the field.
If you sow seeds without checking the soil condition, they may not germinate well.
Excessive use of chemical pesticides kills beneficial organisms in the soil, adopt organic methods.
Continuous use of power tillers damages the soil structure, use only when necessary.
Using more growth hormones than necessary in the soil has a negative impact.
Using poor quality seeds increases the chance of soil diseases, choose good seeds.
Excessive irrigation in the Terai can increase salinity in the soil, be mindful.
Prioritize the use of organic fertilizer to increase soil fertility, sisters.
The soil in the field has increased acidity, so you may need to use lime, get a soil test.
The use of chemical fertilizers in fields can make the land barren in the long run, be aware.
Excessive use of chemical fertilizers affects the soil's biodiversity, take care.
Soil degradation can dry up water sources, so pay attention to soil conservation.
During the rainy season, floods wash away fertile soil, build embankments for prevention.
Using pesticides haphazardly accumulates harmful elements in the soil, use organic pesticides.
Continuous rice cultivation can lead to zinc deficiency in the soil, rotate crops.
If you plant seeds late, the soil temperature might be low and the seeds won't grow well, plant them on time.
If you use compost without properly decomposing it, it can cause diseases in the soil, so be careful.
Using plastic for mulching has a negative effect on the soil, use natural mulching.
Crop rotation increases soil fertility, but wrong crop rotation can cause problems.
Using green manure increases the amount of nitrogen in the soil, but using too much can cause a lack of other nutrients.
Leaving the land barren damages the soil structure, plant some kind of crop.
Too much water accumulating in the soil during monsoon causes a lack of oxygen, improve the drainage.
Drought in pre-monsoon can dry out the soil and cause crops to die, arrange for irrigation.
If the soil moisture is low when planting seeds, it is difficult for the seeds to germinate, there must be sufficient moisture.
Continuously running a power tiller damages the natural structure of the soil, use it sparingly.
The use of growth hormones has a negative effect on the soil, so do not use it without testing the soil.
Using poor quality seeds can spread disease in the soil, only use good seeds.
When there is too much lime in the soil of Terai, it is difficult for the plants to get the necessary elements.
Sisters, using chemical fertilizers randomly without testing the soil reduces the fertility of the soil.
Make sure water doesn't accumulate in the fields, otherwise the soil quality will deteriorate and production may decrease.
Using compost without properly preparing it can spread harmful germs in the soil.
It is good to use organic fertilizer to protect the soil, chemical fertilizer spoils it.
Excessive water accumulation in the Terai fields reduces soil fertility, be aware.
If you plant crops without checking the acidity of the soil, the production may not be good, be careful.
Plant trees around the field to prevent soil erosion, otherwise the soil will wash away.
Using chemical pesticides kills the good bacteria in the soil, use organic pesticides.
Using green manure is good for the soil, but too much can have negative effects.
Planting the same crop repeatedly depletes soil nutrients and reduces yield, rotate your crops.
Using a power tiller too much affects the natural structure of the soil, be careful.
Planting seeds randomly without soil testing may not give good yield, so get your soil tested.
Because the monsoon is weak this year, it will be difficult to run the cold storage due to lack of water.
I'm checking the weather forecast because I'm afraid the agricultural market might be damaged by storms.
Hailstorms caused a lot of damage during the Kharif season, how to protect the crops now?
It seems like the drought will affect the cold storage business this year because it didn't rain on time.
The risk of floods and landslides has increased, so the goods in the cold storage need to be kept safe.
According to the weather forecast, there is a high possibility of heavy snowfall this year, there might be problems with potato storage.
We need to plan how to manage the cold storage for climate adaptation.
Does the government provide any assistance for cold storage in the agricultural market?
If it rains too much during the monsoon, there is a fear that the vegetables will rot, what to do?
Farmers should adopt adaptation measures to protect themselves from climate change.
It's late to plant rice because it didn't rain on time, how will this affect production?
This year, blight has affected the potatoes, what measures should be taken to control the pests?
It will be a problem if the road to the cold storage is damaged by floods during the monsoon.
Due to the drought, farmers have not been able to irrigate their fields, production will decrease.
There is news of heavy hailstorms this year, how to protect the fruits?
Farmers are having a lot of problems because the weather forecast service isn't effective.
New diseases are starting to appear because of climate change, how to deal with it?
The government should give farmers training for climate adaptation.
Vegetables are starting to dry out in the agricultural market due to lack of water, the price will increase.
There is a fear of spoilage of goods stored in cold storage due to heavy rains during monsoon.
This year the drought reduced corn production, what to eat now?
Many farmers have become unemployed as the flood swept away the fields.
The government should introduce weather insurance schemes for farmers.
How to make a living if rice production is not good in the Kharif season?
Many vegetables are being wasted due to the lack of cold storage in the agricultural market.
The government should distribute relief in drought-affected areas.
This year, the hailstorm caused great damage to vegetable farming.
Weather forecasts help farmers to plan.
New technologies should be used for climate adaptation.
The risk of flooding in the agricultural market has increased, how to stay safe?
There is also a shortage of water for livestock due to the drought.
Farmers should be trained to protect crops from storms.
Farmers have suffered a lot of losses when the weather forecast is wrong.
New insects have appeared due to climate change.
The government should distribute improved seeds to farmers.
Vegetables wilt in the agri market because there's no water.
Roads are blocked because of too much rain during monsoon.
Radio programs should be run to give farmers weather info.
This year the drought has caused drinking water problems.
It's hard to travel because the flood washed away the bridge.
The government should subsidize fertilizer and seeds for farmers.
According to the weather forecast, the temperature will rise in the next few days.
What should be done to increase rice production in the Kharif season?
We need to find some ways to reduce the impact of climate change.
It is necessary to increase the capacity of cold storage in the agricultural market.
The government should compensate the drought-affected farmers.
The fertilizer kept in cold storage might be spoiled, check it well before using.
If there is no internet to run the cooperative's mobile app, there might be problems.
When spraying pesticides with a drone, pay attention to the wind speed and direction, otherwise it may reach someone else's field.
The Rabi season crop did not grow well this year due to lack of timely rain, now we have to plan for the next season.
Don't forget to test the quality of the subsidized compost before using it.
The information shown in the weather app that provides weather information may not always be accurate, so confirm it through other means as well.
Take safety precautions when operating a power tiller, accidents can happen.
If the dose of pesticide is not right, it can affect the crop, be careful.
Since this greenhouse technology is new, use it only after getting proper training about it.
Check the germination rate of the improved seeds distributed by the cooperative before planting, otherwise time and effort may be wasted.
If you are late paying the cooperative loan, you may be charged extra interest, pay on time.
This seed given by the cooperative may be moldy, check it carefully before planting.
Before using the new fertilizer brought by the cooperative, get a soil test, fertilizer is needed according to the type of soil.
There was a lot of hail this spring, you would have gotten relief if you had crop insurance.
Using the subsidized chemical fertilizer distributed by the cooperative can reduce soil fertility, give priority to organic fertilizer as well.
Technical problems can occur when transferring money from mobile banking, be patient.
Inspect this solar pump of the cooperative well during installation, problems may occur later.
Accidents can happen if you try to operate drone spreading yourself without training.
If the weather is bad during the harvesting season, there can be a big loss, so be prepared.
Get good information about the new tractor before driving it, otherwise it may break down.
Government grants may be suspended if you provide incorrect information on the cooperative's mobile app.
If the power tiller is not repaired on time, it may break down and become unusable.
If you do not repay the loan taken from the cooperative on time, you may be blacklisted, be careful.
This year, production may decrease due to the lack of chemical fertilizers, so increase the use of organic fertilizers.
When using the pesticide distributed by the cooperative, don't forget to wear a mask and gloves for safety.
This year there is a risk of crops being destroyed due to drought, so pay attention to water management.
Keep your personal information safe on the cooperative's mobile app, don't give it to others.
It may be difficult at first when using new technology, but keep trying.
This greenhouse technology requires a lot of investment, so start only after planning well.
If you don't plant the seeds given by the cooperative properly, they won't sprout, so pay attention.
This weather app's rain forecast isn't always accurate, use your own experience too.
Don't spray pesticides with drones at night, it might be a problem for chasing away insects.
The cooperative's loan interest rate might increase, keep getting information from time to time.
Don't be afraid of what the villagers say when using new technology, if it's good, everyone will adopt it.
Getting the government grant for solar pumps might have some complicated processes, be patient.
Don't forget to take a receipt when buying fertilizer from the cooperative, it might be useful later.
The cooperative's mobile app might get hacked, change your password from time to time.
When using this new technology, don't completely abandon the old ways, use both together.
Power tillers make a lot of noise when running, it can affect your ears, wear earplugs.
When getting weather information from the mobile app, there might not be a network, look for alternative solutions too.
When doing drone spraying, inform the people around, otherwise they might get scared.
The insurance plan provided by the cooperative might not cover all crops, understand it well before participating.
If you can't control the temperature in greenhouse technology, the plants might die.
Pay attention to the security of the battery placed for the solar pump, it might get stolen.
Driving this new tractor without training can cause accidents.
If you can't repay the cooperative's loan, the land might be auctioned, be aware in time.
Putting personal information on this mobile app might violate privacy, be mindful.
When using modern agricultural technology, don't ignore the soil's health, it can have long-term effects.
This time, the subsidy for potash fertilizer will reach the farmers on time, rest assured.
It's good to get your soil tested when using chemical fertilizer, otherwise there might be problems.
We are encouraging the use of compost fertilizer as much as possible, it's much better compared to chemical fertilizer.
Reduce the use of urea fertilizer, it spoils the soil.
Looks like there will be a shortage of DAP fertilizer this year too, so it's good to look for alternatives.
Using biofertilizer increases soil fertility, and it's also safer compared to chemical fertilizer.
If you use fertilizer according to a schedule, the crops will thrive.
It's better to use a little regularly than to spoil the soil by using too much fertilizer.
The demand for fertilizer is high in the Kharif season, so it should be managed on time.
There are many things to consider when using fertilizer in the spring season.
When using fertilizer in the post-monsoon season, the condition of the soil should be considered.
It is necessary to get information on how much fertilizer to use when planting seeds.
There is training available to learn how to make compost fertilizer.
It is better to use improved seeds this year.
There are subsidies on irrigation equipment, fill out the form and apply.
When going to get fertilizer, the land ownership certificate and citizenship are mandatory.
Farmers should be encouraged to use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
Nowadays, urea fertilizer is easily found even in villages.
The subsidy provided by the government on fertilizer has provided a lot of relief to the farmers.
When using fertilizer, the amount should be adjusted according to the soil test report.
Cattle dung and other organic materials can be used to make compost fertilizer.
We need to understand that too much chemical fertilizer reduces the soil's fertility.
Ask the technician what fertilizer can be used instead of DAP.
Using potash fertilizer gives good yield in crops like potatoes and onions.
Using biofertilizers benefits the microorganisms in the soil.
Be careful when using fertilizer, otherwise it can negatively affect the crop.
Only use the amount of fertilizer needed for paddy in the Kharif season after asking.
The amount of fertilizer for maize in the spring season varies depending on the soil condition.
Get information on what kind of fertilizer is needed for wheat after the monsoon.
You'll learn how to use fertilizer when planting seeds in the training.
I'll give you information on what materials are needed to make compost fertilizer.
This time, the government has also provided subsidies for improved seeds.
Contact the agriculture office to get subsidies on irrigation equipment.
Be sure to take your ID card with you when you go to get fertilizer.
Reduce the use of chemical fertilizers, it has a bad effect on the environment.
You should know that using urea fertilizer increases acidity in the soil.
The price of DAP fertilizer has increased this year, so farmers are having problems.
Using potash fertilizer increases the crop's ability to fight disease.
The use of biofertilizers can reduce the use of chemical fertilizers.
When using fertilizer, use different amounts according to the type of soil.
Fertilizer management for paddy in the Kharif season should be done on time.
Learn how to use fertilizer for vegetable farming in the spring season.
There are many things to consider when using fertilizer for wheat farming in the post-monsoon season.
Make sure to get a soil test done when using fertilizer at the time of planting seeds.
Using compost fertilizer makes the soil fertile and also increases its water absorption capacity.
Using improved seeds increases production, but fertilizer should also be used accordingly.
You can fill out an online form to get subsidies on irrigation tools.
When going to get fertilizer, you must mention the area of your land and the type of crop.
Organic farming should be encouraged to reduce the use of chemical fertilizers.
Using too much urea fertilizer increases the possibility of pests in the crop.
As a young farmer, I emphasize increasing the soil's biological process by using compost fertilizer.
In our seed bank, training is provided to encourage the use of natural pesticides.
To increase consumer awareness, we should run informative programs about the benefits of organic products.
It is difficult to get market value for organic products without certification.
Proper management of compost is necessary to make fertilizer.
Studying soil biology is important to improve soil health.
Young farmers are learning how to make natural pesticides together.
There is a need for consumer awareness programs in this area.
Market prices should be determined for the marketing of goods produced from organic farming.
I decided to use compost fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
I want to take training on how to improve soil biology.
Using natural pesticides has less impact on the environment.
Local government should help to increase consumer awareness.
The certification process for organic products should be simple.
Many farmers don't know that compost fertilizer increases soil fertility.
Many farmers are facing problems because they don't have knowledge about soil biology.
The use of natural pesticides has a positive impact on the environment and human health.
Local language should be used in consumer awareness programs.
The cost of farmers should be considered when setting the market price of organic products.
As a young farmer, I constantly try to improve soil biology.
The government should provide subsidies to promote the use of natural pesticides.
Due to lack of consumer awareness, the demand for organic products is low.
The use of compost fertilizer can reduce the need for chemical fertilizers.
Production increases when farming is done by understanding soil biology.
The use of natural pesticides helps to control insects.
Consumer awareness programs need to be taken to every village.
Cooperative organizations should play a role in determining the market price of organic products.
As a young farmer, I am looking for new ways to produce compost fertilizer.
Media can play an important role in raising consumer awareness.
The certification process for organic products should be made online.
The raw materials needed to make compost fertilizer should be easily available.
Farmers should be trained to give information about soil biology.
Using natural pesticides protects the environment from pollution.
When setting the market price for organic products, quality should be considered.
As a young farmer, I am ready to give training on making natural pesticides.
Studying soil biology can reduce the use of fertilizer.
Local products should be prioritized in consumer awareness programs.
The certification fee for organic products should be reduced.
Many young people are interested in learning how to make compost fertilizer.
If farmers have knowledge about soil biology, they can choose the right fertilizer.
The use of natural pesticides prevents negative effects on human health.
The government should support consumer awareness programs.
The market price of organic products should be higher than other products.
Since I am a young farmer, I am thinking of starting a compost fertilizer business.
Seed banks provide farmers with advice on soil biology.
It's a bit harder to raise yaks than sheep, but I hear the income is good.
Although the investment in fish farming is higher than in poultry farming, the income is likely to be faster.
Although cow dung is good for fertilizer, compost fertilizer benefits crops even more.
It is easier to raise cows than buffaloes, but there is a difference in the price of milk.
Using organic pesticides has less impact on the environment compared to using chemical pesticides.
Broiler chickens grow faster than local chickens, but they don't taste as good.
Even though this place is good for beekeeping, you gotta focus on hive management, or else there might be problems.
Even though managing feed is hard in pig farming, getting grass is easier in goat farming.
When there's not enough water during rice planting season, it's better to plow the field with a traditional plow than with a power tiller.
Even though improved breed cows give more milk, local cow's milk has more disease resistance.
It's easier to raise sheep in cold places compared to goats, but there might be problems in the summer.
Using compost fertilizer is better for the environment than using chemical fertilizer.
Selling beehives might be a faster way to earn money for many than producing honey from beekeeping.
It's easier to raise buffaloes than cows in this area because there's good water availability here.
There's less chance of disease in duck farming compared to chicken farming.
Wheat needs less watering than rice, so it's a better option for the Rabi season.
Yak wool is more expensive than sheep wool, so there's more profit in trading it.
Giriraj chickens lay more eggs than local chickens, so many farmers prefer them.
Building a pig pen costs more than building a goat pen because it needs to be kept clean.
It's easier to raise goats than sheep because they don't need much care.
Canal water is better for fish farming than lake water because it has more oxygen.
Rice farming needs a lot of water compared to wheat farming, so using irrigation equipment is important.
Compost fertilizer increases soil fertility compared to chemical fertilizer.
It's more profitable to make and sell yogurt than to sell cow's milk.
Many people find it easier to raise cows than to raise goats.
Local breeds of chickens have more disease resistance than improved breeds.
Even though fish farming needs a lot of investment, chicken farming needs less.
You get more money selling yak wool than selling sheep wool.
Plowing the field with oxen is better for the soil than plowing with a power tiller.
It's harder to raise cows than buffaloes in this place because there's not enough grass.
It takes less effort to plant wheat than to plant rice.
It's easier to raise goats than pigs because they don't need much care.
Using compost fertilizer increases soil fertility more than using chemical fertilizer.
It's easier to raise sheep than goats in cold weather, but harder in hot weather.
I heard that selling beehives is more profitable than selling honey in beekeeping.
It's easier to raise buffaloes than cows in this place because there's plenty of water.
There's less chance of disease in duck farming than in chicken farming.
Wheat needs less irrigation compared to rice.
Yak wool is more expensive than sheep wool.
Giriraj chickens lay more eggs than local chickens.
It costs more to build a pig pen than to build a goat pen.
It's easier to raise sheep than goats.
Canal water is better than lake water for fish farming.
Rice farming needs more water compared to wheat farming.
Compost fertilizer is better for the soil than chemical fertilizer.
Many people find it easier to raise cows than goats.
You can store potatoes in cold storage, but it's even better to increase production by using improved seeds in your own field.
Farming with weather info from a mobile app is much safer than farming the traditional way.
Using compost fertilizer is better for both the environment and the crops than using chemical fertilizer.
Using a government-subsidized tractor is many times more beneficial than using an old bullock cart.
Using a power tiller to sow wheat this winter season will be faster and easier than digging by hand.
Using drone spraying instead of hand spraying to spray pesticides saves time and labor.
You can get much more yield by using improved seeds instead of local seeds.
Irrigating using a solar pump is a better option than relying on rainwater for farming.
Using greenhouse technology instead of plastic tunnels for vegetable farming can reduce the impact of the weather.
Using technology in agriculture is like plowing a field with a tractor instead of plowing with oxen.
Before, we had to rely on the sky to plant crops, but now a mobile app gives weather information.
Farmers need to understand that improved seeds give double the yield compared to local varieties.
Spraying fertilizer with a drone instead of by hand uses the correct amount of fertilizer and also saves time.
You can earn more income by growing tomatoes with greenhouse technology than with traditional methods.
Testing the soil using a mobile app is much more scientific than farming based on guesswork.
Before, we had to go to moneylenders looking for loans, but now agricultural loans are available through mobile apps.
It's easier to use a power tiller than a hoe to dig potatoes in this field.
Winter crops thrive when irrigated with a solar pump instead of relying on rainwater.
Storing potatoes in cold storage keeps them safe for a longer time compared to traditional storage.
Using organic pesticides instead of chemical pesticides is good for both the environment and health.
Plowing the field with a tractor saves both time and effort compared to plowing with oxen.
Planting crops after getting weather info from a mobile app is much safer than planting traditionally.
Using organic fertilizer is much better than using chemical fertilizer.
Using a solar pump for drip irrigation is a better way to save water than doing normal irrigation.
It's better to grow vegetables in a polyhouse than to make a temporary bamboo greenhouse.
Planting seeds with a tractor saves time compared to planting seeds by hand.
It's easier to buy compost fertilizer from the market than to make it now, but making compost fertilizer is much better for the environment.
It used to be safer to go to the bank and withdraw money than to use mobile banking.
Now there is agricultural insurance, before there used to be a lot of loss when crops were destroyed.
Even though drone spraying is faster and easier, it felt a little safer spraying pesticides by hand.
Before, weather information was known from the radio, now it is known immediately from the mobile app.
It is easier to control pests in greenhouse technology than in traditional methods.
It is much safer to plant rice by irrigating with a solar pump than to plant rice relying on rain.
It is much cheaper to rent a tractor than to keep oxen like before.
Even though it is difficult to use a mobile app, it is easier to get weather information from it than to listen to the radio.
Even though chemical fertilizer increases production, compost fertilizer makes the soil fertile.
Crops can be kept safe by using greenhouse technology rather than building a plastic tunnel.
Even though digging with a power tiller is faster than digging by hand, oxen are still needed in some places.
Watering the field with a solar pump is much easier and more effective than digging a well.
Current mobile banking is faster and easier than the previous account opening process.
Spraying pesticides with a drone saves time, but when you spray by hand, you know if it reached every plant.
Even though there are weather apps on phones now, people in villages still ask the old predictors.
Chemical fertilizer increases production, but compost keeps the soil healthy long-term.
Greenhouse technology is expensive, but it has less risk than traditional farming.
Instead of taking a loan to buy a tractor, it's easier to buy a power tiller because it needs less collateral.
Farmers are worried because fertilizer hasn't arrived on time in this hilly area after the earthquake.
If we could use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer, the soil fertility would increase.
If farmers could get training on making compost, wouldn't the fertilizer shortage decrease?
Using urea fertilizer looks good immediately, but it affects the soil in the long run.
Farmers are having trouble farming because the price of DAP fertilizer has increased.
Farmers say that using potash fertilizer increases potato production.
We can reduce the use of chemical fertilizer by using bio-fertilizer.
It would be good if the fertilizer subsidy reached the real farmers.
I'm worried about decreased production because I can't get fertilizer when it's time to plant crops.
Farmers need to understand that using too much fertilizer degrades the soil quality.
Farmers need to be informed about the correct way to apply fertilizer in the pre-monsoon season.
It seems like we need to manage fertilizer for winter crops from now.
Production has decreased because fertilizer management isn't good.
We can reduce the import of chemical fertilizer if we increase the use of compost fertilizer.
Farmers are disappointed because there's a fertilizer shortage during the harvesting season.
Looks like the lack of fertilizer will really affect this year's wheat production.
The fertilizer subsidy the government gives should reach farmers on time.
Farmers should be encouraged to use organic fertilizer as an alternative to chemical fertilizer.
It's good to test the soil before using fertilizer.
Production hasn't increased as expected because fertilizer isn't used at the right time.
It's important to make farmers understand that proper fertilizer use helps keep the soil healthy.
If we could teach farmers how to produce organic fertilizer, they would get a lot of relief.
The fertilizer distribution system needs to be more organized.
These days, the use of chemical fertilizer has increased a lot in villages.
Emphasis should be placed on using compost fertilizer to increase soil fertility.
It seems the government needs to increase the fertilizer subsidy for farmers.
Farmers are forced to borrow money to buy fertilizer when they don't get it on time.
Farmers are slowly understanding that using too much fertilizer damages the soil.
Training should be arranged in villages to provide information about fertilizer.
The price of chemical fertilizer has skyrocketed this year.
It seems that informative programs about fertilizer use should be conducted.
After getting compost fertilizer making training, it has been much easier for me.
Due to the lack of fertilizer, many farmers couldn't grow potatoes this year.
The government should encourage farmers who use organic fertilizer instead of chemical fertilizer.
When using fertilizer, it should be used according to the type of soil.
This year, there's a new rule to fill out an online form to get fertilizer subsidy.
When I went to register my name at the cooperative for fertilizer, it was very crowded.
It would be great if we could make a mobile app to inform farmers about fertilizer.
It took a lot of time when I went to the agriculture office to get information about fertilizer.
I've heard that using chemical fertilizer causes diseases like cancer.
We can make the soil healthy by using organic fertilizer.
It is necessary to make farmers understand the importance of fertilizer.
If we don't pay attention to fertilizer use, the chances of crops getting diseases increase.
The government should arrange loans for farmers for fertilizer.
Farmers are having a lot of problems because fertilizer management is not good.
Various plans should be brought to farmers to reduce the use of chemical fertilizers.
Information centers should be opened in different places to provide information about fertilizer.
When using fertilizer, it should be used only after looking at the soil test report.
Informative videos about fertilizer use should be made and shown in villages.
Due to the lack of fertilizer this year, many farmers could not plant rice.
It seems very easy for women to collect rainwater during the rainy season and use it for irrigation.
Complaints are coming that women farmers are facing problems due to poor management of canal irrigation water.
The use of sprinkler irrigation system has been effective in this area.
A woman farmer who was met at the agricultural extension office asked for more information about drip irrigation.
Due to the lack of water in the post-monsoon season, the vegetable crops planted by women farmers have started to dry up.
The canal broke and caused problems because the women farmers didn't pay attention to irrigation maintenance.
Women are worried because excessive use of groundwater in this area is causing the water level to drop.
The women farmer groups have been asked to make an irrigation schedule because there will be a water shortage in the winter.
It's been very difficult for women farmers to farm because of the lack of fertilizer, seeds, and irrigation.
Using a power tiller has made it much easier for women farmers to plow the fields.
A women-led agricultural cooperative is about to introduce a new plan for irrigation.
Women farmers have started using compost fertilizer to reduce the use of chemical fertilizers.
The crops have been damaged because women farmers are not using pesticides correctly.
Women farmers have built ponds to collect rainwater for irrigation.
Women farmers have planned to dig a well collectively for irrigation.
Women farmers were unable to plant wheat crops due to water scarcity in the spring season.
Women farmers have had to rely on rainwater to grow rice because there are no irrigation facilities.
It seems that there should be a provision for subsidies for women farmers for drip irrigation.
It is necessary to provide irrigation-related training to women farmers.
The water distribution system of canal irrigation needs to be improved.
Women farmers have started looking for alternative measures for irrigation.
The vegetable crops planted by women farmers have been infested with pests due to lack of irrigation.
Women farmers should be helped to get loans from the bank for irrigation.
Women farmers have planned to buy a motor collectively for irrigation.
Women farmers have been mulching in the fields for irrigation.
