My body is aching a lot today.
He has a high fever and his body is twisting.
If you have a headache, take medicine.
My back hurts after doing a lot of work.
Why does the child's stomach hurt?
Do your arms and legs also hurt?
My muscles are strained, that's why it hurts.
I have had a continuous fever for the last two days.
I felt very cold last night.
The medicine he gave me didn't help.
I have a dry cough.
When I cough, my chest hurts.
Is your nose running?
This cold is really bothering me.
He is constantly sneezing.
My sleep is disturbed by coughing at night.
If your throat is bad, drink warm water.
My nose is blocked, so it's hard to breathe.
Why isn't your cough getting better?
This medicine is very good for coughs, but it tastes bad.
Where all is your body hurting?
My head feels heavy and I'm also feeling dizzy.
He's having fever that keeps coming and going.
If your body is hot, check with a thermometer.
The doctor said it's just a normal cold.
It's normal to have joint pain in old age.
I'm feeling uneasy all over my body.
Weakness and fatigue are bothering him a lot.
When it's cold, the cough gets even worse.
Take this medicine and rest, then you'll be fine.
Don't take these symptoms lightly.
Why has your face turned pale?
I'm feeling tingling in my hands and feet.
If it hurts a lot, see a doctor immediately.
He was miserable with coughing all night.
He's having difficulty breathing, which is a matter of concern.
After taking this medicine, your pain will decrease.
Has your appetite decreased?
My voice changed because of the cold.
If you have chest pain, don't be careless.
I have both stiffness and pain in my neck.
He's having a hard time working because of a headache.
Applying heat helps relieve back pain.
The baby's crying because his ear hurts.
The medicine he gave me didn't suit me.
Do you have swelling in your body?
I have a headache along with body aches.
Don't take this medicine on an empty stomach.
If your fever doesn't go down, get a blood test.
He has a cough with phlegm, which makes his chest feel heavy.
I sneeze a lot in the mornings.
I feel a burning sensation in my eyes.
Why are your eyes red?
This cold has made me tired.
My throat is scratchy and it hurts when I swallow.
If you drink too much cold water, your cough might get worse.
He doesn't feel like eating anything because of the fever.
I feel very weak in my body.
The more the days go by, the more my pain increases.
The doctor told him not to meet anyone because he has an infectious disease.
It's important to pay attention to these symptoms.
If you have constant chest pain, it could be serious.
His whole body is tingling.
Are you coughing up blood?
It's very important to rest in this condition.
Those who are suffering from fever should drink plenty of fluids.
I have a terrible headache.
The child has a stomach ache and also has diarrhea.
After taking this medicine, your body pain will be reduced.
If you have a cold for more than a week, consult a doctor.
I think I have the flu.
He sweats a lot at night.
My leg is also getting numb and tingling.
Is there any swelling in your body?
If you have a sore throat, gargle with salt water.
I feel sleepy after taking this medicine.
He has a constant cough, which is making him annoyed.
I feel lazy and tired all day.
The doctor said to take the medicine regularly.
If your symptoms get worse, go to the hospital immediately.
My stomach has been hurting really bad since evening.
My kid has a high fever, so I need to take them to the doctor.
I think I need to see a doctor right away because I'm having trouble breathing.
If I don't feel better, I'll call the doctor tomorrow.
He has a constant cough, which is disturbing his sleep.
Do you need to see a doctor?
My leg is injured, but I don't know if I should see a doctor or not.
There are no doctors in the village, so I have to go to the city hospital.
I'm feeling very weak because I can't eat anything.
This pain is unbearable now, so I need to go to the hospital.
I want to make an appointment to see the doctor.
Can you book a doctor's appointment for me?
I got a call from the doctor's clinic to confirm the appointment.
If you have any specific illness, consult with a doctor.
I haven't been feeling well for a few days.
I need to see a doctor because my health is not good.
If your fever hasn't gone down, you should consult a doctor.
Did you call the doctor and make an appointment?
He has gone to the hospital to see the doctor.
His stomach was hurting really bad, so he went to the emergency department.
My kid has a lot of cough, so I want to show it to the doctor.
If you have difficulty breathing, go to the hospital immediately.
He took an appointment to see the doctor.
I was worried seeing him going to the doctor.
He is waiting for his turn in the hospital waiting room.
At the reception, you have to tell your name and patient number.
The nurse checked my temperature and blood pressure.
The patients who came first will be seen first.
Have you brought your health insurance card or not?
Why do I have to wait so long to see the doctor?
Fill in all your information on the registration form.
The nurse said the doctor is on rounds right now, so wait a bit.
You have to go to that counter and write your name.
His file is ready, so he can see the doctor now.
The doctor listened to all my symptoms carefully.
The doctor checked my chest with a stethoscope.
He asked me since when I have been having this problem.
The doctor said that you have to get some tests done.
He was sent to the lab for a blood test.
If the reports come back okay, there is nothing to worry about.
The doctor said it's just a normal seasonal fever.
I need to get an MRI scan because the doctor suspects something.
It was a bit hard to diagnose his illness, but the doctor finally came to the right conclusion.
The doctor prescribed me medicine and also explained how to use it.
You have to take this medicine twice a day after food.
The doctor gave me antibiotics because there was an infection.
You need to finish this course, otherwise the problem might come back.
If you don't feel better with the medicine, see the doctor again.
The nurse gave me an injection and it didn't hurt much.
He needs to be admitted to the hospital because his condition is serious.
I will change my lifestyle based on the doctor's advice.
You shouldn't take this medicine on an empty stomach because it can upset your stomach.
He is being taken to the operation theater.
He needs to stay in the hospital for a few days after the operation.
The nurses in the hospital are very kind and helpful.
The nurse is coming every hour to check on my condition.
She gave me medicine and dressed the wound.
If you have any problems, inform the nurse immediately.
The hospital food was nutritious, but I liked my home food more.
He has been kept in the ICU because his condition is critical.
Family members can visit the patient during visiting hours.
The doctor and nurse team took really good care of us.
The nurse helped me get up and walk around.
Special attention is given to cleanliness in the hospital.
He is slowly recovering and can walk now.
The doctor said that he will be discharged soon.
After discharge, he has to see the doctor again within a week.
The nurse told me what precautions to take at home.
You should keep your wound clean regularly.
If you get a fever again, contact the doctor immediately.
He recovered and went home, because he was treated well.
Call the reception to make a follow-up appointment.
It will take him some time to fully recover now.
The doctor keeps advising us to exercise regularly.
It is necessary to maintain a calm environment in the hospital.
He said that there is a lot of crowd in government hospitals.
Private hospitals have more facilities, but the cost is also high.
You should ask the doctor all your doubts.
If you have any problems in the hospital, contact the concerned authority.
Write down all your symptoms before seeing the doctor.
This hospital has a team of specialist doctors available.
He used the hospital's ambulance service because he needed help urgently.
We should be aware of our health, because health is the greatest wealth.
It is wise to get regular health checkups.
Our neighbor had a serious illness, so he was admitted to the hospital.
You can also make an online appointment to see the doctor.
The nurse there explained to me well how to take the medicine.
If there is any problem in your report, the doctor will call you again.
In an emergency situation, call the ambulance immediately.
His family members were very worried after he was admitted to the hospital.
Don't take any medicine without the doctor's advice.
She took the child to the pediatric department because he had a fever.
The nurse said don't worry, the doctor will come to see you soon.
I hope that I will get well soon and go home.
This medicine was prescribed to me by the doctor.
You should take your medicine on time.
Which medicine is best for fever?
Its dosage should be taken twice a day.
Take this pill after food.
If your stomach hurts, take this medicine.
Before taking medicine, you definitely need to read about the dosage.
Medicine should be kept away from children, because it can be dangerous for them.
It's very important to complete the course of antibiotics, so that the disease is cured completely.
What are the side effects of this medicine that might bother you?
I'm feeling sleepy because of this medicine, which is normal.
The doctor said to take this medicine for ten days.
You should never miss a dose of medicine, because the disease can come back.
If you forget to take your medicine, ask the doctor what to do.
Don't forget to ask the doctor before taking new medicine, so there won't be any problems.
This medicine should be taken one hour before eating, which is important.
This medicine should be taken on an empty stomach.
Take this medicine on time.
The doctor prescribed this medicine.
Ask about the dosage.
Take the pill after eating.
Take this medicine twice a day.
There is syrup for the child.
You need to get an injection.
This is medicine for stomach ache.
Where is the pharmacy?
Keep this medicine in a cool place.
Don't take too much medicine.
For how many days should I take this medicine?
Did you take your medicine or not?
I forgot to take my medicine.
Take one pill at night.
I'm feeling relief after taking this medicine.
It's difficult to give medicine to the child.
Drink water with the medicine.
The dosage should be correct.
My head has started to hurt.
The strip of medicine is empty.
Buy and bring a new medicine.
Take this medicine with lukewarm water.
This medicine is taken before eating food.
The doctor changed the medicine.
My cough medicine is finished.
It's time for you to take your medicine.
This medicine tastes bitter.
The medicine cured me.
You take your medicine on time.
This medicine is very good for me.
Ask the doctor about the dosage.
It is necessary to take medicine regularly for your health.
If you don't take medicine, the disease can get worse.
Should this medicine be taken on an empty stomach or after eating?
I have a headache, do you have any medicine?
The dosage of medicine for children is very low.
The doctor said to take this medicine twice a day.
Old medicine should not be taken, because it can be harmful.
Read the instructions written on the medicine strip carefully.
If you have any side effects, contact the doctor immediately.
He forgot to take his medicine.
This medicine makes me very sleepy.
Why didn't you complete the full course of medicine?
Buy new medicine from the pharmacy.
You should take this syrup three times a day, five milliliters each time.
If the medicine is not found, ask the doctor about another medicine.
This medicine should be taken after eating.
Taking medicine at the right time is very important.
If your fever doesn't go down, see the doctor again.
Don't take any new medicine without doctor's advice.
It's important to keep medicine away from children.
What's the dosage of the medicine, tell me.
He/She has to take this medicine three times a day.
You should never skip completing the course of antibiotics.
I took the medicine, but it didn't make much difference to the pain.
Follow the dosage that the doctor has told you.
Is this medicine to be taken on an empty stomach?
This medicine is very effective for stomach ache.
Be sure to check the expiry date of the medicine, because old medicine can be harmful.
I don't know the name of the medicine.
For how many days have you been taking this medicine?
This medicine should be taken one hour before food.
If you see any side effects, stop the medicine immediately.
The doctor prescribed me a new medicine.
You should drink plenty of water with the medicine.
He didn't want to take the medicine because it tasted bitter.
Keep the medicine bottle in a cool and dry place.
Your medicine dosage has been reduced.
I think I forgot to take my medicine.
Taking medicine on time helps you recover faster.
If you take two doses of medicine at once, it can be harmful.
Does this medicine have any side effects?
It's very difficult for him to take medicine.
I felt a bit lazy after taking the medicine.
The doctor advised to take this medicine for two weeks.
Not taking medicine can make your illness more serious.
You shouldn't drink alcohol with this medicine.
How many pills should you take at once?
My medicine box is empty.
Read the medicine prescription carefully.
If you forget to take your medicine, take the next dose on time.
Her child doesn't drink medicine, so she has to force-feed him.
Take this medicine twice a day, morning and evening.
I bought and brought new medicine from the pharmacy.
Has your fever not gone down even after taking medicine?
Taking an extra dose of medicine can cause an overdose.
I think I need new medicine.
Medicine should be disposed of properly.
The doctor gave him pain medicine.
He doesn't remember the time for his medicine.
It's important to wash your hands before taking medicine.
If your illness is complicated, you need special medicine.
I don't like the taste of the medicine.
The effect of this medicine lasts for three to four hours.
Where do you keep your medicine?
Completing the full course of medicine cures the disease from the root.
Can this medicine be obtained without a doctor's prescription?
I don't think I'm taking the correct dose of the medicine.
The doctor said this medicine is for a serious infection.
Even after taking the medicine, my stomach is still cramping.
He lost the strip of medicine.
You must read the label before taking the medicine.
If the medicine doesn't work, contact the doctor immediately.
This medicine gave me a bad stomach.
The price of the medicine was very expensive.
I need to check the stock of medicine.
He is taking medicine regularly for his illness.
Can this medicine be taken with any other medicine?
Medicine should be kept out of reach of children, in a slightly higher place.
If you forget to take your medicine, set an alarm.
This medicine makes me very sleepy.
I'm allergic to this medicine, so I can't take it.
All the information is given on the medicine packet.
You have to take one pill every day.
After taking the medicine, my mouth feels very dry.
If the color or smell of the medicine changes, don't take it.
I'll have to ask the doctor to increase the medicine dosage.
This medicine controls blood pressure.
She's afraid to take medicine because she's scared of needles.
By taking medicine regularly, you can prevent the disease from recurring.
Do you feel a burning sensation in your stomach because of the medicine?
It's the doctor's job to determine the dosage of the medicine.
If you are taking any other herbs along with the medicine, tell the doctor.
It is your responsibility to store the medicine safely.
There's not even a little bit of medicine left in my medicine bottle now.
Even after taking the medicine, if your condition doesn't improve, call the doctor.
A balanced diet is very important to stay healthy.
We all should eat enough fruits and vegetables every day.
Water is very important for the body, because it keeps the body hydrated.
It's good for health to avoid fast food and packaged food.
Breakfast is the most important meal of the day.
Lentils, rice, roti, and vegetables are the main part of our daily meal.
People who exercise regularly need a lot of energy.
Did you know that bananas are high in potassium?
Children should definitely be given milk and dairy products.
Eating green vegetables makes your eyes and bones strong.
If you want to lose weight, reduce your intake of sugar and oil.
Eating food slowly and chewing it well is considered best for digestion.
Eating too much sweet food increases the risk of diabetes.
Pregnant women need special nutrition.
We should increase the amount of fiber in our diet.
It is more beneficial to eat the whole fruit instead of fruit juice.
Protein helps in building body muscle.
Do you like to have yogurt with lunch?
It is important to wash your hands thoroughly before and after eating.
If you eat too many salty things, you can get high blood pressure.
Vitamin D is obtained from sunlight, but it can also be obtained from food.
The right amount of ghee and oil is a source of energy for the body.
Eating leftover food can cause stomach problems.
Our grandma says homemade food is the best.
Eating seasonal fruits and vegetables gives the body power to fight seasonal diseases.
If you're not hungry, don't force yourself to eat.
Eating food on time keeps the digestive system right.
Yogurt has probiotics, which is good for stomach health.
Good diet with enough sleep is the foundation of a healthy life.
A small child should be fed mother's milk instead of bottled milk, because it is very nutritious.
You should drink at least eight glasses of water every day.
Lack of water can cause dehydration in the body, which can cause serious problems.
We all should include different types of colorful fruits and vegetables in our diet.
Eating too much red meat can increase the risk of heart disease.
If you are a vegetarian, eat lentils, cheese, and soybeans for protein.
Good nutrition also affects mental health.
Special attention to cleanliness is necessary when cooking.
The right use of spices makes food both tasty and nutritious.
If you are allergic to any particular food, avoid it.
Those who eat fresh and organic food get the most nutrients.
Excessive consumption of fried stuff increases obesity.
Milk contains calcium and vitamin D, which is very important for bones.
You can use molasses or honey instead of sugar.
We should discourage our kids from eating junk food.
Sleeping right after eating can cause digestion problems.
Ayurveda says that food works as medicine.
In our village, people eat a lot of vegetables and lentils.
If your body feels weak, increase the amount of nutrients in your diet.
Fruits and vegetables have antioxidants, which help the body fight diseases.
Avoiding soda and sugary drinks keeps teeth and bones healthy.
Food should not be wasted, because it is disrespectful to Annapurna.
If you feel tired, drink enough water and eat light food.
Keeping salt intake low is best to avoid high blood pressure.
Dinner should be light, which can be easily digested.
It is important to take calories according to your body's needs.
My mother often sets fresh yogurt at home.
People who eat dry fruits daily, their energy levels remain good.
Grains like rice and roti are the main sources of carbohydrates.
Vegetables should not be cooked for too long, because their nutrients are destroyed.
If you have any disease, make a food plan after consulting a doctor.
Use a steel bottle instead of a plastic bottle for drinking water.
Fish and chicken are good sources of protein, which are available for non-vegetarians.
Eating seasonal fruits gives the body specific vitamins and minerals.
It's not good to drink tea right after eating, because it interferes with iron absorption.
Things like dalia and oats are a healthy option for breakfast.
We should have variety in our food so we get all the nutrients.
If you have constipation problems, drink plenty of water and eat food with fiber.
Eating too much sugar increases the risk of obesity and heart disease.
In our Mithila, we have a tradition of nutritious food like sattu and makhan.
If your child doesn't eat fruits, you can give it to them as a smoothie or juice.
To stay healthy, it's not enough to just eat good food, physical activity is also necessary.
Eating at regular intervals keeps the body's metabolism right.
Do you eat three times a day or two times?
We should pay attention to the quality of our food, not the quantity.
If you get gas in your stomach, eat light and easily digestible food.
According to Ayurveda, food balances the body's fire.
Yogurt and buttermilk help keep the body cool in the summer.
At our house, fresh vegetables are brought from the market and cooked every day.
People who drink water regularly, their skin is very radiant.
You can achieve a long life with healthy eating.
Regular exercise is very important for health.
Walking every day is beneficial for the body.
All of us should exercise for at least thirty minutes a day.
Exercising makes you happy.
Do you exercise every day?
If you want to stay healthy, don't stop exercising.
Doing yoga has both physical and mental benefits.
Walking is good for the heart.
Kids should participate in sports because it's good for their development.
Lifting weights makes muscles stronger.
When we exercise, we sweat.
Drinking enough water is important after exercising.
You should warm up before you exercise.
It can be hard to exercise outside in the winter.
Have you ever gone running?
Cycling is a good cardio exercise.
A person who exercises every day is more energetic.
Exercising reduces obesity.
If you have joint pain, swimming might be good for you.
Old people should do light exercise.
Exercising helps you sleep better at night.
You should talk to a doctor before starting any new exercise.
You have to exercise the right way to avoid injury.
When you get tired, take a rest.
Physical activity helps reduce tension.
Participating in sports increases the feeling of teamwork.
Our grandma walks every morning.
You don't need to go to the gym to exercise.
You can do a lot of exercise at home too.
Climbing stairs is also a good exercise.
Do stretching to increase your body's flexibility.
People who stay active regularly live longer.
Exercise helps control diabetes.
People with high blood pressure can benefit from exercise.
Because an inactive lifestyle can cause many diseases.
Have you found any friends to exercise with?
If you stop exercising, it can affect your health.
Increase the intensity of your exercise gradually.
Exercising strengthens the immune system.
Cool-down is very important to relax the muscles.
I like walking more than running because it feels easier to me.
You should choose exercises according to your physical ability.
The people who exercise at home, they don't need a lot of equipment.
Doing too much exercise can also be harmful for the body.
The doctor advised me to walk every morning.
Exercising makes bones strong, which protects from osteoporosis.
Have you ever taken a yoga class?
If you have heart disease, consult a doctor before starting exercise.
Kids shouldn't spend too much time in front of the TV, they should play outside instead.
Exercise burns a lot of calories in the body.
Physical activity is also important for mental health.
When you exercise, wear good shoes.
The person who wants to maintain a healthy weight should exercise regularly.
Exercise increases your energy levels throughout the day.
If any exercise hurts, stop it immediately.
Dancing is also a good physical exercise, which keeps the mind happy.
We should pay attention to our body's signals.
If you can't make time for exercise, do small activities throughout the day.
Sports also increase concentration and decision-making ability.
There is no specific age for exercising.
Young people should do a little harder exercise.
Because exercise releases endorphins, which gives a feeling of happiness.
You should set your exercise goals.
If you feel any discomfort in your body, see a specialist.
Doing physical labor is also a good exercise.
When I walk in the morning, I see the beauty of nature.
Exercising tones the body's muscles.
Various yoga postures make the body flexible.
I was feeling a lack of motivation to exercise.
But I had to start it for my health.
If you want to lose weight, do exercises that burn calories.
Consulting with a trainer at the gym can be beneficial for you.
Sometimes even during work, take short breaks and stretch.
Inactivity is the root of many serious diseases.
You should get enough sleep daily, because it is essential for muscle recovery.
Exercising strengthens the immune system, which helps fight infections.
People who stay physically active have a lower risk of depression.
Is there a park near your house where you can walk?
Regular physical activity can boost your self-esteem.
If you want a healthy and energetic life, make exercise a part of your routine.
Mental health is an important part of our overall well-being.
Stress has become a common part of everyone's life these days.
Not getting enough sleep badly affects your mental health.
When you're constantly stressed, it affects both your body and mind.
Expressing your feelings is important to reduce mental stress.
Thinking too much can also increase anxiety.
The person who keeps their feelings inside experiences a lot of mental pain.
Meditating in a quiet environment relaxes the mind.
If you can't sleep at night, pay attention to your daily routine.
Using mobile phones too much increases sleep problems and stress.
Physical activity is very good for mental health.
Walking, doing yoga, and exercising reduces stress.
Talking to your favorite person can make you feel lighter.
Going somewhere for a trip gives peace to the mind.
When your mind is restless, take a deep breath.
It is very important to take mental health problems seriously.
Because of tension, your appetite and sleep patterns can be disrupted.
If you constantly feel sad, consult a doctor.
Depression is a serious mental illness that needs treatment.
Taking some time for yourself and doing what you like reduces stress.
Getting enough sleep increases your concentration and work efficiency.
Lack of sleep causes feelings of anger and fatigue.
Making your daily life regular is good for mental health.
Drinking caffeine and alcohol affects your sleep at night.
It's important to reduce screen time before sleeping.
If something is making you too worried, try to find a solution.
Thinking positively makes mental health stronger.
Make your goals realistic, so that stress is less.
Saying no is also very important for mental health.
Don't ruin your health trying to fulfill other people's expectations.
Self-care is an important thing for mental health.
When you take care of yourself, then you can take care of others well too.
The quality of sleep determines our whole day's mood.
Make a quiet and comfortable bedroom.
Eat a light dinner and a few hours before sleeping.
Talking to a mental health expert is not a weakness.
Many people suffer from mental illness, but they don't ask for help.
Share your problems with a trusted friend.
If you can't sleep at night, drink warm milk.
Stress can also affect your digestive system.
We all need to be aware of our mental health.
Ups and downs keep happening in life, and learn to accept it.
Constant stress can cause high blood pressure and heart disease.
When you listen to your favorite song, your mind becomes calm.
Participating in creating something new reduces stress.
Your body also needs sunlight regularly because it improves mood.
Symptoms of depression include loss of interest, lack of energy, and hopelessness.
Lack of sleep also affects decision-making ability.
People who do yoga regularly feel much calmer.
Writing down your problems also lightens the mind and helps to find solutions.
Learning some new skills is beneficial to reduce stress.
If you wake up frequently at night, it could be a symptom of insomnia.
Create a fixed sleep schedule and stick to it.
A balanced diet is also very important for mental health.
Eating too much junk food can make the mind restless.
Definitely do the work that makes you happy.
Learn to accept your feelings, because that is a part of life.
Practicing meditation and mindfulness helps you learn to live in the present.
When you live in the present, worries decrease.
Too much workload is also a big cause of stress.
It is necessary to balance between your work and rest.
Spend time with nature to get rid of stress.
Living among trees and plants gives peace to the mind.
If you feel like you can't control your emotions, ask for help.
Promoting mental health education is also very important.
Use a comfortable pillow and mattress to improve sleep quality.
Don't eat too much at night, as it can disrupt sleep.
If you get very angry about something, try to understand the root cause.
Celebrate your small achievements too, which boosts your confidence.
Taking care of mental health is no less important than taking care of physical health.
It is important to raise awareness about mental illnesses in society.
Watching too much TV and spending time on social media can worsen sleep.
Set boundaries for yourself, and tell others to respect them.
When you feel tired, rest for a while, even if it's just a short nap.
Humor also has an important place in life, as it reduces stress.
Sharing your joys and sorrows with your friends and family makes you stronger.
If a particular event is bothering you, talk about it.
Spirituality can also be a good option for mental peace.
Learn to understand your body's signals, as they tell you a lot.
Finally, prioritize your health, as it is the most important wealth.
Pregnancy is an important phase of a woman's life.
It is very important to consult a doctor before conceiving.
Pregnant women should eat nutritious food, so the baby develops well.
Get regular prenatal checkups, so any problems can be detected early.
Taking folic acid reduces the risk of neural tube defects in the fetus.
Avoid too much stress during pregnancy, as it can negatively affect the baby's health.
Getting enough sleep is very important for pregnant women.
If you are pregnant, stay away from lifting heavy things.
Pregnant women should absolutely not smoke or drink alcohol.
Pregnant women are advised to do light exercise, like walking.
It's important to be patient during labor and follow the doctor's instructions.
After the baby is born, special attention should be paid to the health of both mother and baby.
Breast milk gives a newborn baby the power to fight diseases.
Women who are pregnant should pay attention to their body's signals.
Taking care of children's health is the most important thing.
Healthy children have a bright future.
A newborn baby should be breastfed for at least six months.
A nutritious diet is essential for a child's physical and mental development.
Teach children to wash their hands regularly.
Following hygiene rules protects children from diseases.
Getting enough sleep is essential for a child's healthy development.
Sports make a child's bones and muscles strong.
Keep the kid away from sugary drinks.
Encourage him/her to drink lots of water.
It's important to get the kid checked by a doctor from time to time.
Protect the kid from the cold.
Give him/her a chance to live in a clean environment.
The kid's development should be tracked regularly.
Put clean clothes on the newborn.
Protect the kid from dust and dirt.
Take him/her out for a walk in the fresh air.
Cleaning the kid's teeth and gums is also important.
The kid should be given a balanced diet.
If the kid shows any unusual symptoms, contact a doctor immediately.
Vaccines are a blessing for children's lives.
Getting vaccinated on time protects against many serious diseases.
Follow the vaccination schedule set by the government.
Vaccination is necessary to protect against diseases like polio, measles, and tetanus.
It's normal to have a slight fever and body aches after vaccination.
The side effects of vaccines are very low.
Keep the kid under observation after vaccination.
Vaccination provides the kid with community health protection.
Newborn babies get their first vaccine right after birth.
If you miss a vaccine dose, then consult a doctor.
Getting vaccinated is not a violation of any religious beliefs.
Keep the child's vaccination card safe.
Every vaccine has its own importance.
Breastfeeding the baby after vaccination provides comfort.
Many deadly diseases have come under control because of vaccines.
Vaccines increase a child's immunity.
If you have any doubts about vaccines, ask a health worker.
Vaccines are available for free at the community health center.
Pregnant women also need to get some vaccines.
Vaccines can protect children from major diseases in the future.
You should be careful if the child has a fever.
Fever can be a sign of some infection in the body.
Check the baby's temperature regularly with a thermometer.
If the child has a high fever, make them rest.
Wiping the body with a light sponge can reduce the fever.
The child should be given enough fluids when they have a fever.
Give water, ORS solution to avoid dehydration.
If the fever goes above one hundred and two degrees Fahrenheit, contact a doctor.
Putting a wet cloth on the child's forehead will give relief.
Don't make him/her wear thick clothes when he/she has a fever.
Don't give any medicine without the doctor's advice.
When the child has a fever, pay attention to whether there is a change in his/her behavior.
If there is vomiting and diarrhea along with the fever, it can be serious.
Sometimes a child may get a fever after vaccination.
The child may feel weak due to the fever.
If the child has difficulty breathing, it is an emergency situation.
The doctor will examine the child to find out the cause of the fever.
The child should not be bathed with cold water when he/she has a fever.
If the fever persists for more than three days, see the doctor again.
Give the child fever-reducing medicine according to the doctor's advice.
If the child has no appetite, get him/her checked up.
Small children are more at risk of infectious diseases because they have low immunity.
If a child has measles, he/she should be kept away from other children.
Start the correct vitamin dosage for the child after asking the doctor.
Check the child's weight and height according to the growth chart.
A child who gets vaccinated regularly has a secure future health.
Don't send the child outside to play after vaccination.
If the child has a persistent cough, it could also be due to an allergy.
It's important to get your child's eyes and ears checked regularly too.
If your child shows signs of malnutrition, talk to a doctor about a nutrition plan right away.
The government runs immunization programs to protect children's health.
Kids whose parents put them to bed on time, grow well.
Protect your child from drinking contaminated water, because it can cause stomach problems.
If your child has pain after vaccination, a light massage can provide relief.
The school should also have health checkup camps for the kids.
After vaccination, you can take the child to the local health center for consultation.
If a child has a serious reaction to a vaccine, call emergency services immediately.
Making a child exercise regularly increases their physical strength.
A child who gets good nutrition gets sick less often.
When a child has a fever, it's important for them to rest to conserve their body's energy.
If you get injured, first of all, stay calm.
Every house should have a first aid kit.
Wash small wounds with soap and water.
If there's bleeding, apply pressure with a clean cloth.
For serious injuries, call emergency services immediately.
Run cool water over the burn.
If a bone is broken, it's important to keep the injured limb stable.
If someone faints, lay them flat on their back.
Keep the patient safe from their surroundings.
If they have trouble breathing, you can use the Heimlich maneuver.
If there's a lot of bleeding, raise the wound.
First aid knowledge can save lives, because emergencies can happen anytime.
Don't touch the wound directly, because there's a risk of infection.
If you suspect poisoning, take them to the hospital immediately.
For minor injuries, it's necessary to apply antiseptic cream.
If a foreign object has entered the body, don't try to remove it.
Use an ice pack on the sprained and swollen area.
Applying pressure is important in first aid for bleeding.
Bandage the wound with a clean bandage.
If the patient is having trouble breathing, sit them down comfortably.
Provide assistance to the patient until the ambulance arrives.
Explain the importance of first aid to children.
Don't apply ghee or oil to burns.
Take special precautions if there is a head injury.
If something gets in your eye, wash it with a stream of water.
Using a tourniquet is the last option for serious bleeding.
Everyone should take first aid training.
Reassure people who have been in an accident.
If someone has a heart attack, start CPR right away.
To prevent shock, keep the patient warm and raise their legs up.
If there's a nosebleed, tell them to lean forward and pinch their nose.
In a serious injury, stopping the bleeding is the first priority.
If the injured area swells up, it could be serious.
The goal of first aid is to stop the situation from getting worse.
If someone gets electrocuted, turn off the source of electricity.
Never try to feed anything to a patient who is unconscious.
Don't try to shake a patient with a serious injury.
If a bone is broken, moving it can make the condition worse.
It's good to keep painkillers in the first aid kit too.
Use ice on the injured area to reduce pain.
If a snake bites someone, keep the patient calm and take them to the hospital.
If someone has a seizure, lay them down in a safe place.
Pay special attention to cleanliness in first aid.
If there's dirt or debris in the wound, clean it well.
If the bleeding doesn't stop, keep applying pressure.
If the patient is unconscious, check their breathing.
Staying calm is most important in an emergency situation.
It's essential to consult a doctor after first aid.
Don't try to pop the blister.
Be careful when applying a splint to a broken bone.
If the wound is deep, don't try to heal it at home.
A first aid kit should also have a gauze pad.
If a poisonous animal bites you, see a doctor immediately.
If someone has a severe allergic reaction, give them an EpiPen.
Before giving CPR, make sure the patient is not breathing.
Knowing what kind of injury it is, is important for first aid.
If the patient is feeling dizzy, have them sit down.
The goal of first aid is to save lives, prevent the condition from worsening, and help with recovery.
Be careful to avoid burns from fire.
If something is stuck in the chest, don't let it move.
Always wear gloves when giving first aid.
If an unconscious patient is about to vomit, turn them to one side.
In first aid, give the patient patience and keep them calm.
Apply ice to the broken bone to reduce pain.
If a part of the body is cut off, keep it in ice.
Emergency numbers should be memorized.
Taking first aid training keeps your skills sharp.
If you see someone drowning, try to save them, but also take care of your own safety.
Always keep the wound clean and dry.
After first aid, take care of the wound to prevent infection.
If someone is bleeding a lot, keep applying pressure until the ambulance arrives.
There might be different rules for children's emergencies.
First aid supplies should always be in an easily accessible place.
If someone is having a lot of trouble breathing, take them to the hospital right away.
If clothing is stuck to a burn, don't try to remove it.
Patience and quick decision-making are important in first aid.
If someone is feeling cold, cover them with a warm blanket.
Use mild soap when washing the wound.
First aid knowledge can help you save someone's life.
If the situation seems serious, never hesitate to contact a doctor.
Diabetes is a serious disease that controls the amount of sugar in the body.
High blood pressure increases pressure on the heart.
Adopt a healthy lifestyle to avoid heart disease.
If you have diabetes, check your blood sugar regularly.
High blood pressure is also called a silent killer because it doesn't have specific symptoms.
Irregular heartbeat can be a sign of heart disease.
If you have chest pain, contact a doctor immediately.
Diabetic patients should not eat sweet things.
Reducing salt helps control blood pressure.
To keep your heart healthy, it's important to exercise every day.
Many people don't even know they have diabetes.
If you have high blood pressure, take the medicine the doctor gave you regularly.
If you have a heart attack, call emergency services right away.
Obesity is a big cause for both diabetes and blood pressure.
Reducing stress lowers the risk of blood pressure and heart disease.
Diabetes can also badly affect the kidneys and eyes.
Healthy eating can prevent many long-term diseases.
If you have a family history of heart disease, get regular checkups.
Quitting smoking greatly reduces the risk of heart disease.
Eat foods with potassium to keep blood pressure under control.
Drinking too much alcohol damages both the heart and liver.
Symptoms of diabetes include frequent urination and thirst.
High blood pressure is often called a "silent killer" because it has no clear symptoms.
Getting immediate medical help is very important if you have a heart attack.
People who exercise regularly are less likely to get diabetes.
If you have trouble breathing, it could be a sign of heart disease.
Diabetes medicine should not be stopped without a doctor's advice.
Eating low-fat foods helps control blood pressure.
Heart patients should try to keep their weight in a healthy range.
If you have diabetes, take special care of your feet.
High blood pressure can damage both your eyes and kidneys.
Eat lots of fiber-rich foods to prevent heart disease.
It's important to get your cholesterol levels checked regularly.
Diabetes can affect the nerves, which is called neuropathy.
If you have high blood pressure, reduce your caffeine intake.
Getting enough sleep is essential to prevent heart disease.
People who stay physically active have a lower risk of diabetes and heart disease.
Keeping a blood pressure measuring machine at home can be useful.
Consult a doctor regularly to avoid diabetes complications.
Recognizing and treating a heart attack in time can save lives.
Drinking too many sugary drinks increases the risk of diabetes.
Practice yoga regularly to control blood pressure.
Heart disease patients should strictly avoid smoking.
If you have diabetes, take your medicine on time.
High blood pressure increases the risk of stroke.
Heart patients should try to live a stress-free life.
Diabetes can make body wounds take longer to heal.
Go to a nearby health center to get your blood pressure checked.
People who eat a lot of oily and spicy food have a higher risk of heart disease.
If your foot feels numb or tingly, it could be a sign of diabetes.
High blood pressure can also cause kidney failure.
It's normal to faint after a heart attack.
Diabetic patients should include whole grains in their diet.
Checking your blood pressure regularly is very important, especially if you have a family history of high blood pressure.
To prevent heart disease, do at least 150 minutes of light exercise per week.
If you see any symptoms of diabetes, consult a doctor.
High blood pressure can also affect the eyes, which is called retinopathy.
Don't ignore the warning signs of a heart attack.
Diabetic patients should have their eyes and kidneys checked regularly.
Eating too much salty food can raise blood pressure.
Eat lots of fruits and vegetables to prevent heart disease.
If you have diabetes, check your blood sugar regularly.
A balanced diet is very important to prevent high blood pressure.
See a doctor if your heartbeat is fast or irregular.
Diabetic patients should learn how to take insulin.
If your blood pressure is high, drink less alcohol.
Things that increase the risk of heart disease include smoking and being too inactive.
Lifestyle changes are very good for treating diabetes.
If you have high blood pressure, it can damage your arteries.
To keep your heart healthy, it's important to control your weight.
People who eat too much sweet stuff have a higher chance of getting diabetes.
If you have high blood pressure, talk to your doctor about the dosage of your medicine.
First aid for heart disease includes resting and seeing a doctor.
You might have to take diabetes medicine for life.
You can check your blood pressure at home with a blood pressure machine.
Giving CPR immediately can be helpful if someone has a heart attack.
People who are not physically active have a higher risk of both diabetes and blood pressure.
If you see any unusual changes in your body, consult a doctor.
To avoid heart disease, get your blood sugar and cholesterol checked regularly.
People with chronic illnesses should also take care of their mental health.
Washing your hands is most important, because it protects you from many diseases.
Be sure to wash your hands before and after eating.
You should wash your hands well with soap and water so that the germs die.
When hands are dirty, many diseases spread from them.
Teach children the habit of washing their hands too, so they stay healthy.
When you come home from outside, don't forget to wash your hands.
After using the toilet, which is necessary for personal hygiene, you must wash your hands.
Germs, which can damage our health, are hidden in our hands.
If we stay clean, it helps prevent infectious diseases.
Keeping our house clean is everyone's responsibility.
Garbage should be thrown in the dustbin, not here and there, because it spreads filth.
If you shower every day, it's an important part of personal hygiene.
Because wearing clean clothes is also necessary to avoid infection.
The person who stays clean, gets sick less and stays healthier.
If someone drinks dirty water, they can get stomach problems.
Eat fruits and vegetables after washing them well, so that the germs die.
Because washing your hands before cooking is very important to remove germs.
Keep your surroundings clean too, so you can stay healthy.
Mosquitoes and flies grow in dirt, which causes disease.
Whatever mosquitoes and flies grow in the dirt, they all help spread disease.
Cleaning your toilet regularly is best for health.
Especially pay special attention to cleanliness during the cold and cough season, because the risk of infection increases.
Cover your mouth when coughing and sneezing, so that germs don't spread.
After using a tissue paper, throw it in the dustbin immediately.
If there is no tissue, cough into your elbow, which is the best option.
You shouldn't touch your eyes, nose and mouth often.
Because this can allow germs to enter the body and you can get sick.
Keep food covered so that flies don't sit on it and contaminate it.
Eating stale food can mess up your health, so eat fresh food.
You can avoid a lot of diseases by drinking clean water.
Boiling water kills germs and makes the water pure.
It's important to have good ventilation in the house, because it creates a healthy environment.
Keep the place where you eat clean, because cleanliness is necessary there.
Maintaining cleanliness in public places is our shared responsibility, which is necessary for a healthy society.
Keep your pets clean too, because they can also carry germs.
Staying home when you're sick helps protect others, which is a social duty.
If you are sick, wear a mask and stay away from others.
Keep a proper distance from infected people, because it prevents infection.
Using Dettol or sanitizer helps keep your hands clean, especially when water isn't available.
But, washing your hands with soap and water is the best option because it's more effective.
Change baby's diapers right away and throw them away properly so that the smell doesn't spread.
Dirty clothes should be washed regularly, because they harbor germs.
Clean the house floor with disinfectant, especially during the summer.
The kitchen and bathroom need to be kept even cleaner, because these places are breeding grounds for germs.
Rubbing your eyes with dirty hands can cause infection, which can cause serious problems.
We should keep our nails short.
Because dirt gets stuck in nails and germs spread from it.
Lack of cleanliness increases the problem of stomach worms.
Kids are taught about hygiene in school so they can live a healthy life.
This is important for a healthy society in the future, which starts from childhood.
When you travel, keep hand sanitizer with you, because water isn't available everywhere.
There's a higher risk of infection in crowded places, so it's important to be careful.
So it's important to take special precautions there, so you stay safe.
Cleanliness is a basic rule for staying healthy, which everyone should follow.
A dirty environment causes many diseases, which is harmful to all of us.
Don't let water collect around your house, so mosquitoes don't spread and cause disease.
Government programs also emphasize cleanliness, because it's important for public health.
Because this is an issue related to everyone's health, which everyone should pay attention to.
If your child is sick, don't send them to school.
This prevents the infection from spreading to other children and everyone is safe.
When you need to throw away garbage, use a dustbin with a lid.
The correct way to wash your hands is to wash for at least 20 seconds, which effectively removes germs.
Antiseptic soap is very effective, but it's not necessary all the time.
But regular soap also gives good results, if it's used correctly.
Maintain social distance to avoid infection, because it prevents the spread of germs.
Following personal hygiene rules is everyone's responsibility, which is the basis of a healthy life.
The person who doesn't understand the importance of cleanliness gets sick a lot.
We should adopt a clean lifestyle, because it gives a long and healthy life.
When you're taking care of a sick person, be very careful and wash your hands.
Clean infected surfaces regularly, which reduces the spread of germs.
This reduces the spread of germs and prevents people from getting sick.
Wash your plates and glasses well before using them, because they come into direct contact with food.
Germs can accumulate on dirty clothes, which can cause skin infections.
So it's necessary to wash them regularly, because it's an important part of cleanliness.
Serious diseases can be avoided because of cleanliness, it's important to understand its importance.
Health experts especially emphasize cleanliness, because it's important for everyone.
Because it is the foundation of a healthy society, without which a civilized society cannot be imagined.
If we are all aware, many diseases can be prevented.
Let's all work together to make our society clean and live a healthy life.
Taking care of the health of the elderly is everyone's duty.
Medicine should be taken on time, because it has many benefits.
Write down your grandma's medicine times, so she doesn't forget.
Create a safe environment for the elderly at home, where they won't fall.
Getting regular check-ups with the doctor is very important for the elderly.
Sometimes elderly people forget to take their medicine.
If the elderly have body pain, apply warm water to it.
Nutritious food is very important for the elderly's body, because it removes weakness.
Did you give your grandpa his medicine on time?
If old people are feeling lonely, talk to them.
Light exercise regularly is very important for them.
Don't forget to take medicine after dinner, okay?
It's very important to get old people's eyes checked from time to time.
For the old people who can't go outside, arrange entertainment at home.
Protect old people from food with too much sugar and salt.
Is it time for your grandma to take her blood pressure medicine?
If old people can't sleep, consult a doctor.
We should also take care of the mental health of old people.
Taking care of old people suffering from dementia requires patience.
It is very important for them to drink enough water.
The support of family members makes the lives of old people easier.
Read the instructions on the medicine strip carefully, so there are no mistakes.
The people who take care of old people should also take care of their own health.
If old people have constipation problems, give them fibrous food.
Numbness in the hands and feet can be dangerous for old people.
Not taking medicine on time can worsen the disease.
Regular dental check-ups are also necessary for old people.
If you have old people in your house, put a non-slip mat in the bathroom.
Regular social interaction is very beneficial for them.
Keep medicine boxes away from children.
Have you started any new medicine?
If older people don't feel hungry, give them food in small portions.
Make soft and easily digestible food for them.
Assistive devices, like walking sticks or walkers, help older people move around.
Speak slowly to older people who are suffering from hearing problems.
Don't start any medicine without consulting a doctor.
Older people's skin gets dry, so keep it moisturized.
If older people feel weak, give them time to rest.
You can set a reminder on your mobile to remember the medicine dose.
Taking care of older people requires a lot of patience and love.
If older people have a cough and cold, let them drink hot soup.
A comfortable chair and bed are very important for them.
Pay special attention to the diet of older people who have diabetes.
Keep enough gap between two doses of medicine.
Is your mother's sugar level okay?
If older people have difficulty urinating, talk to a doctor.
Encourage older people to walk regularly.
Arrange a clean and well-ventilated room for them.
If you see any side effects of a medicine, contact a doctor immediately.
For older people who are suffering from depression, therapy can be really important.
When buying medicine from the pharmacy, make sure to check the expiry date.
It's really important for older people to wear comfortable slippers, otherwise they might slip.
Is your dad's prescription ready?
If an older person suddenly feels dizzy, support them.
Arrange for dim lighting for them, because bright lights affect the eyes.
It's the responsibility of all family members to help in taking care of older people.
You can also get help from a trained nurse to care for older people.
If an older person has difficulty breathing, take them to the hospital immediately.
For older people who are bedridden, it's really important to turn them regularly.
Arrange for recreational games and activities for them.
The dosage and timing of the medicine should be according to the doctor's instructions.
Is the hot water ready for your grandma?
If an older person has any allergies, keep them away from foods that cause allergies.
Older people should not be dehydrated.
Listening to light music gives them mental peace.
If an older person has trouble going to the toilet regularly, make convenient arrangements for them.
For older people who have hearing problems, use a hearing aid.
The cost of medicine should also be included in the family budget.
Regular massage is also good for old people, because it keeps blood circulation good.
Is your father having physical therapy?
If old people have trouble swallowing, give them liquidy stuff.
Install an alarm system at home for their safety.
Encourage old people to express their thoughts and feelings.
The medicine dose shouldn't be too much, because it can cause side effects.
If old people have a habit of waking up at night, put a dim light for them.
Arrange a wheelchair for old people who cannot walk.
Choose a room for them that has enough air circulation.
Don't change any medicine dose without doctor's advice.
Respecting old people makes them happy and they stay healthy.
Taking care of your eyes is very important.
You should wash your eyes with clean water every day.
You shouldn't spend too much time on mobile or computer, because it affects the eyes.
If your eye becomes red, show it to a doctor immediately.
You should clean your ears carefully.
Cleaning ears too hard can damage it.
Using loud sound devices can reduce hearing ability.
If your ear hurts, ask a doctor before doing home remedies.
Eating nutritious food is necessary for clear vision.
Carrots and green leafy vegetables are good for the eyes.
Children should have regular eye and ear check-ups.
Protect your eyes from the bright rays of the sun.
Wear sunglasses when going out in the sun.
If something gets in your eye, don't rub it.
This can injure the eye and also cause infection.
Do not put oil or any unknown object in the ear.
As you get older, your vision may weaken, which is normal.
Cataracts are a common eye disease that can be treated.
If glaucoma is not treated in time, it can lead to blindness.
If you can't see clearly, you may need glasses.
Your doctor can tell you the correct eyeglass prescription for your eyes.
Ringing in the ears (tinnitus) can sometimes be a sign of a serious illness.
Use eye and ear protection equipment in your workplace.
People who work on screens for long periods of time should rest their eyes.
Follow the twenty-twenty-twenty rule: every twenty minutes, look twenty feet away for twenty seconds.
Ear infections can be very painful.
Be careful not to let water get into children's ears.
Protect your ears when swimming or bathing.
Using headphones for too long has a bad effect on hearing.
Make it a habit to listen to music at a low volume.
Water coming from the ear can be a sign of infection.
If you see blurry with both eyes, get it checked immediately.
Diabetes can damage the nerves in the eyes.
Controlling high blood pressure is important for eye health.
Children with poor eyesight may have difficulty reading.
Teachers and parents should pay attention to children's eyesight.
Dry eyes are a common problem, and treatment is available.
If your eyes are itchy, avoid rubbing them.
Pay special attention to hygiene when using contact lenses.
Dirty lenses can cause serious eye infections.
People who use hearing aids should clean them regularly.
A ruptured eardrum is a serious condition that requires immediate treatment.
Don't put any medicine in your eyes without asking a doctor.
If you have irritation in your eyes, it is good to wash them with cold water.
Staying awake too late has a bad effect on the eyes.
Getting enough sleep keeps your eyes healthy.
Sudden loss of vision is an emergency situation.
If you suddenly can't see anything, go to the hospital immediately.
If water gets stuck in your ear, try to get it out.
ENT doctors treat these problems.
Hearing loss is a common problem as you get older.
If you have trouble hearing, think about using a hearing aid.
Protect your eyes from smoky environments.
People who do welding should wear special glasses for eye protection.
You shouldn't ignore eye pain.
When working on a computer, balance the screen brightness.
A child might fall behind in school because of vision problems.
Too much earwax buildup can also make it hard to hear.
A doctor can safely remove that wax.
Eye muscle exercises can make them stronger.
Foods with omega-3 fatty acids are good for the eyes.
Smoking increases the risk of cataracts and other eye diseases.
Pregnant women should take care of their eye and ear health.
It's important to get a newborn's eyes and ears checked right away.
If your baby doesn't react to loud noises, get their hearing checked.
Frequent watery eyes can be a symptom of allergies.
To avoid eye allergies, stay away from dust and pollen.
Applying heat can help relieve ear pain.
But, if the pain continues, you need to see a doctor.
High blood pressure can affect the blood vessels in the eyes, which is called retinopathy.
Use earbuds very carefully, because it can damage the eardrum.
You might feel pressure in your ears at high altitudes.
There are some ways to reduce ear pressure during air travel.
That includes yawning and drinking something.
Artificial tears can be used to relieve dryness in the eyes.
If your vision is weak, it can be difficult to do daily tasks.
Glasses or lenses should be cleaned regularly.
If you see any signs of infection in the eye, get treatment immediately.
Because if you don't care, that condition can become serious.
Take care of your eyes and ears, because they are important parts of your life.
Healthy skin is the largest organ of the body.
Healthy skin looks good and protects the body.
Taking care of your skin is a very important thing to do.
Bad food also affects our skin.
People who drink less water, their skin is dry.
Dry skin can be a major cause of itching.
We should moisturize our skin every day.
The sun's rays are harmful to the skin.
Use sunscreen to protect yourself from the sun.
Acne is a common problem during youth.
If you pick or squeeze pimples, it can leave a scar.
Allergy is a reaction of the body to something specific.
Many people are allergic to dust particles.
If you're allergic to pollen, you'll sneeze and have a runny nose.
Food allergies can be very serious.
Itching is a common symptom of allergies.
If it itches a lot and you scratch it, it gets worse.
If it itches too much, consult a doctor.
It's common for kids to get rashes on their skin.
You should always keep your skin clean.
If you drink enough water, your skin stays healthy.
Some soaps can make your skin dry or burn.
You can get allergy tests to find out the cause.
Try to stay away from the things you're allergic to.
Medicine is available for allergy treatment.
Anaphylaxis is a life-threatening allergic reaction.
If insects bite you, it can itch and swell.
Fungal infections can also cause skin itching.
In eczema, the skin is dry, itchy, and red.
Psoriasis is a serious skin condition, it needs treatment.
Skin cancer can be serious, so get it checked regularly.
Allergies can sometimes be hereditary too.
What are you allergic to?
Is this some kind of allergic reaction?
My skin is very sensitive, because it reacts very quickly.
I get hives right away when something triggers my allergies.
Use mild products for sensitive skin.
You should avoid using chemical products that can damage the skin.
When should I see a doctor for rashes?
This itching is unbearable, I need some good solution.
My child has rashes all over their body.
Which cream should I use for the itching?
Allergies can also make it difficult to breathe.
Some people are allergic to peanuts.
Many people are also allergic to milk.
Some people are also allergic to pet dander.
If you have allergies, keep your medications with you.
How to control a severe allergy?
Keeping the house clean reduces allergies from dust mites.
Sudden spots might be a sign of allergy.
Why does our skin get so dry in winter?
Dry skin can get cracks.
If skin cracks, the risk of infection increases.
Wash your hands with soap frequently.
Don't use other people's personal items.
Skin is the mirror of our inner health.
Our diet also affects our skin.
Stress can worsen skin problems.
Exercise improves blood circulation in the skin.
Drink plenty of water for glowing skin.
Scratching too much can leave marks on the skin.
Some medicines can cause skin problems as a side effect.
If the spots are spreading, consult a doctor.
Allergy shots can be beneficial for some people.
What is contact dermatitis?
Wearing jewelry can also cause skin allergies for some people.
New clothes should be washed before wearing.
Spots can appear due to the chemicals in detergent.
Baby's skin is very delicate.
You have to protect baby's skin from the sun.
Eczema often starts in childhood.
Asthma and eczema sometimes seem related.
If you scratch too much, it can even bleed.
This cream reduces itching.
Allergic reactions can be mild or severe.
What are the common symptoms of food allergies?
Always read food labels.
A patch test can help identify skin allergies.
Bathing in hot water can dry out the skin.
You should bathe in lukewarm water instead of hot water.
If the skin is red and swollen, it could be a sign of inflammation.
Good food is necessary for healthy digestion.
Too much oily food can upset your stomach.
Drinking water regularly keeps digestion good.
If your stomach hurts, see a doctor immediately.
Don't eat stale food, because it can increase stomach problems.
Fiber-rich foods strengthen the digestive system.
Vomiting and diarrhea cause dehydration.
Drinking buttermilk helps with digestion.
Does your stomach digest well?
Eating light food is good for digestion.
If someone eats dirty food, they might get vomiting and diarrhea.
If you have digestion problems, you might feel nauseous.
Eating food on time keeps the digestive system healthy.
Eating too much spicy food can cause acidity.
Yoga and exercise improve stomach health.
If you have constipation problems, increase fiber in your diet.
Drinking less water can cause constipation problems.
Stomach gas sometimes feels uncomfortable.
Pay special attention if a small child has vomiting and diarrhea.
Drinking lemon water increases digestive power.
Those who eat food quickly often have indigestion problems.
Chew your food well, so it's easier to digest.
Consuming dirty water can also cause stomach illness.
He was feeling bloated because he had eaten too much.
The doctor said drinking warm water improves digestion.
If you are having diarrhea frequently, avoid dehydration.
Yogurt contains probiotics, which are good for the stomach.
Don't sleep immediately after eating to avoid indigestion.
Bloating and gas is a common problem, which can happen because of food.
If you don't feel hungry, you might have a problem with your digestive system.
Eat clean food to avoid stomach problems.
Basil leaves are considered good for digestion.
He was constantly vomiting, which made him weak.
If you drink too much tea and coffee, you can get acidity.
Dinner should be light, so it can digest well.
Too much stress also has a bad effect on the digestive system.
People who have an irregular lifestyle, they get stomach problems a lot.
Eating guava gives relief in constipation.
If you feel burning in your stomach, eat less spicy food.
Eat green vegetables to keep your digestion proper.
Eating stale bread is harmful to health.
Keeping your stomach clean is very important, because it's the base of the body.
Drinking cumin water gives relief in gas problems.
Eating too many sweets has a bad effect on digestion.
He was having stomach cramps, when he ate contaminated chat.
Give ORS solution to young children if they have vomiting and diarrhea.
Avoid outside food to avoid stomach problems.
If you have constant pain in your stomach, get it checked with a doctor.
To stay healthy and active, you need to improve your digestion.
Eating lots of fruits is good for digestion.
You can get diseases like cholera from drinking dirty water.
When I have indigestion, I drink ajwain water.
Stomach ulcers can also cause pain.
Digestive system problems reduce the body's energy.
He used to have difficulty clearing his stomach in the morning.
If food doesn't digest well, the body doesn't get nutrition.
If your digestion is weak, you should eat light foods like dal-roti.
Eating too much food causes bloating and a heavy feeling.
When he felt nauseous, he vomited immediately.
The doctor said that cleanliness is necessary to avoid digestive system diseases.
He had stomach cramps and diarrhea, which was very painful.
If you have frequent indigestion, improve your diet.
Stomach upset can sometimes also be caused by fever.
Drinking hot water mixed with lemon and honey improves digestion.
People who are stressed are more likely to have stomach problems.
Gut health is also linked to mental health.
Protect children from outside candy and chocolate, as it upsets their stomachs.
If you drink too much cold water, it can slow down digestion.
If you have gas problems in your stomach, eat asafoetida.
Sometimes constipation can also cause piles.
Including salad in your food is very beneficial for digestion.
He was hospitalized because he had constant diarrhea.
If you feel a burning sensation in your stomach, it could be a symptom of acidity.
Wash your hands thoroughly to avoid stomach problems.
Sometimes a bad stomach can also be caused by the side effects of medicine.
People who don't get enough sleep can also have digestive problems.
Eat porridge regularly to keep your digestive system healthy.
If a child has both vomiting and diarrhea, it can be serious.
A healthy digestive system is a sign of a healthy body.
I have a really bad headache.
Why does your stomach hurt?
If your body aches, it's good to take a hot shower.
Even after sleeping all night, my back pain hasn't reduced.
He is having difficulty walking due to a muscle strain.
His whole body is now twisted with pain.
Do you have any injuries on your hand that are causing the pain?
It is normal to have body aches when you have a fever.
If it hurts a lot, consult a doctor immediately.
This pain has been happening continuously for a few days.
The child's body is hot, seems like they have a fever.
I've had a fever with chills since last night.
If the fever is more than 102 degrees, it shouldn't be ignored.
Headache and body fatigue are common symptoms of fever.
He doesn't want to take medicine, but the fever is high.
Have you taken any medicine for the fever?
The child didn't go to school yesterday because of the fever.
If you have both fever and cough, see a doctor.
He is getting very weak due to the high fever.
This is a seasonal fever, it will get better in a week.
I have been coughing continuously since morning.
Is your cough dry or with phlegm?
If the cough lasts for many days, it can be serious.
His cough is so strong that he is having difficulty breathing.
Use honey and ginger to get rid of cough.
The child couldn't sleep at night because of the cough.
Do you cough because of allergies?
If you smoke, you are more likely to cough.
This cough started after I got a cold.
Even after taking medicine, the cough hasn't reduced.
I have a cold and my nose is running.
It's normal to have a headache when you have a cold.
If you have a cold, avoid crowded places.
He hasn't been coming to school for how many days because of a cold.
You should drink hot water to avoid a cold.
Do you also have a sore throat along with the cold?
If a cold lasts for many days, it can turn into a sinus infection.
I have a cold, so I'm also sneezing.
There's no specific medicine for a cold, it gets better on its own.
You need to wash your hands to avoid a cold.
My throat hurts a lot.
If you have unbearable pain in any part of your body, don't ignore it.
He doesn't feel like eating anything because of a stomach ache.
If you have body aches along with chills, it could be a symptom of the flu.
The child's lips are dry because he has a high fever.
I can't sleep at night because of the cough.
Along with the cold, my whole body aches.
This isn't a simple cold, it could be a symptom of some other disease.
If you have chest pain, see a doctor immediately.
Even after taking fever medicine, his head still feels heavy.
What happened to your leg that it's hurting?
If your muscles hurt after exercising, it's good to rest.
He has burning and pain all over his body.
I've been sneezing constantly since yesterday, which is a symptom of a cold.
The child took a day off from school because of a fever.
The cough is so bad that he's having trouble speaking.
If you have a cold, drink plenty of water.
This pain is affecting his daily work.
He's sweating a lot because of the fever.
Where did you get this cough from?
My body is aching like it's being poked with needles.
If the fever persists for many days, you should get it checked by a doctor.
He can't hear anything because of the pain in his ear.
His voice has become heavy because of the cold.
If you cough up blood, that's a cause for concern.
I think I have the flu along with body aches.
The child doesn't feel like playing because of the cold.
If you have any unexplained pain in your body, ask a doctor.
It feels like the fever has completely weakened his body.
This constant cough is really bothering him.
If you have a cold, drink hot soup, because it gives relief.
My throat pain hasn't reduced yet.
He has so much fever that he's delirious.
His chest hurts because of the coughing.
If you have a fever along with a cold, take medicine.
His body aches because of muscle strain.
Take fever medicine on time so it doesn't get too high.
If you have difficulty breathing along with a cough, call an ambulance.
He can't smell or taste anything because of the cold.
I don't think this pain is normal.
I have a high fever, so I should see a doctor.
You should go to the emergency room immediately.
The doctor told me to get some tests done.
The hospital is very clean.
The nurse is very kind and helpful.
If you have difficulty breathing, don't be careless.
My appointment is at five in the evening.
The doctor prescribed medicine for me after the check-up.
I started feeling better after being admitted to the hospital.
The nurse gives me medicine on time.
Have you made an appointment to see the doctor?
She stopped taking medicine because she wasn't getting any relief.
The ward where my patient is, is very quiet.
The nurse checked my blood pressure.
I had to stay in the hospital for two days.
There were many people sitting in the doctor's waiting room.
If you have any questions, ask the nurse.
She ate food before taking medicine, because the doctor had said so.
The hospital staff are very trained and helpful.
The nurse told me to be patient while giving me the injection.
I have to see the doctor a second time.
Because I was in a lot of pain, the doctor saw me immediately.
The hospital has state-of-the-art equipment available.
The nurse checked my body temperature.
The doctor advised me to have an operation.
If you experience any new symptoms, inform the doctor immediately.
My report came, that's why I'm going to see the doctor.
She went to the bank to pay the hospital bill.
The nurse helped the patient to eat.
The doctor told me I should get plenty of rest.
You have to take your medicine on time.
I found the hospital environment very peaceful.
The nurse explained the medicine dosage to me.
If the pain doesn't get better, see the doctor again.
He was standing in a long line to see the doctor.
You have to follow the visiting hours in the hospital, okay?
The nurse cleaned the patient's wound.
The doctor told me I should exercise regularly.
Did you get the doctor's prescription?
Emergency services are available 24/7 at the hospital.
The nurse helped the patient turn to their side.
I have to ask the doctor when I will be completely well.
If you have any allergies, be sure to tell the doctor.
He went home after being discharged from the hospital.
The nurse told me about the side effects of the medicine.
The doctor prescribed me a blood test.
I have to pay the doctor's fees.
The food arrangement in the hospital is very good.
The nurse gave the patient water to drink.
Because my condition was critical, I was put in the ICU.
The doctor told me I should eat less sweets.
I will have to make another appointment to see the doctor.
The hospital's ambulance service is very fast.
The nurse gave all the patient's information to the doctor.
If you have any old diseases, be sure to tell the doctor.
I have to take the report and show it to the doctor.
He was preparing for the operation in the hospital.
The nurse helped the patient sleep comfortably.
The doctor told me I have to take medicine for six months.
Do you trust the doctor's diagnosis?
All health protocols are followed in the hospital.
The nurse encourages me from time to time.
If the medicine doesn't help, contact the doctor immediately.
He goes to the doctor regularly to get his health checked.
The hospital bill was very expensive, but I had to pay.
The nurse told me how many times I should take the medicine.
The doctor told me that smoking is harmful to health.
I had to prepare the documents to be admitted to the hospital.
Hospital staff always wear masks.
The nurse put a glucose drip on me.
If you need special care, that's available in that hospital.
He came from a faraway city to consult with the doctor.
The hospital cleaners keep cleaning all day.
The nurse told me that I should rest well.
The doctor told me what I should avoid in the future.
I will need to get a second opinion from a doctor.
The hospital receptionist is very helpful.
The nurse changed my bandage.
If you have any medical emergency, call 102.
I shouldn't take medicine without seeing a doctor.
Always take this medicine at night before sleeping.
Don't take any medicine without a doctor's advice.
You won't get well until you take medicine on time.
It is very important to get information about the medicine dosage.
Should this medicine be taken after food?
What to do if you forget to take the medicine?
Keep this medicine out of reach of children.
Be sure to complete the full course of antibiotics.
If you feel unwell after taking the medicine, talk to the doctor immediately.
He takes his medicine regularly, that's why his health is good.
This medicine should be taken twice a day, with food.
Taking too much medicine can be dangerous.
How many days do you have to take this medicine for?
Only buy the medicine that the doctor prescribed for you.
You should set an alarm to take your medicine on time.
Does this medicine need to be kept in the fridge?
Read the instructions written on the medicine packet carefully.
If you forget a dose of medicine, don't double the next dose.
This medicine works to kill the infection in the body.
Our grandma takes her evening medicine before eating dinner.
If you have side effects from the medicine, tell the doctor immediately.
Some medicines should be taken on an empty stomach, so they work better.
You should talk to the doctor before starting a new medicine.
His medicine was bitter, but he took it for the health benefits.
This medicine is only for adults, not for children.
If you are allergic to any medicine, you must tell the doctor.
You feel better after taking the medicine.
I used to take my medicine regularly, because I wanted to recover quickly.
This medicine helps to control blood pressure.
It's very important to finish the whole course of medicine, even if you feel better.
You should take this medicine with water.
If the medicine makes you sleepy, don't drive.
He forgot to take his medicine, which made his problem worse.
A child's dosage should always be according to the doctor's instructions.
Please write down the name and dosage of the medicine for me.
This medicine gives relief from pain, but use it carefully.
The doctor told me to take the medicine dose on time.
If the medicine has expired, don't take it.
Do you always take your medicine?
The medicine's effect started in about an hour.
Read the label carefully before taking the medicine, so there are no mistakes.
How many medicine pills should I take?
Keep this medicine in a cool and dry place.
If you have trouble swallowing the medicine, you can tell the doctor.
You shouldn't drink milk after taking some medicines.
He had to rest after taking the medicine.
The doctor explained the medicine dosage and timing very well.
If you need any medicine, consult with a doctor.
This medicine makes your immunity strong.
Close the medicine bottle properly after using it.
Ask the doctor before reducing the dose of the medicine.
My friend takes his medicine regularly because he wants to stay healthy.
Is this medicine that you have to take three times a day?
Don't take the medicine again that doesn't suit you.
Did you feel anything strange after taking the medicine?
I need fever medicine right away because my head is hurting a lot.
This medicine is not considered safe for children.
If you are pregnant, ask the doctor before taking any medicine.
He didn't follow the medicine intake rules, which caused his health to worsen.
This medicine gives relief from constipation.
Never change the prescribed dose of the medicine.
Until when do you have to complete the course of this medicine?
You might feel a little dizzy after taking some medicine.
If you skip any medicine, your health can be badly affected.
You feel less hungry after taking this medicine.
The doctor has told me to take this medicine for a week.
The correct dose of the medicine depends on your age and weight.
Do you have to eat something with the medicine?
Don't take medicine that any of your friends gave you.
I always take my medicine with water.
Close the medicine bottle tightly, so it doesn't spoil.
If you have a cold, this medicine might be good for you.
He slept immediately after taking that medicine.
The dosage of this medicine is twice a day, morning and evening.
You can ask the doctor about the side effects of the medicine.
If you think the medicine price is too high, ask about generic options.
Protect the medicine from direct sunlight.
I am allergic to medicine, so I am careful.
Doesn't this medicine cause stomach ache if taken on an empty stomach?
Correct use of medicine can cure your illness quickly.
Fresh fruits and vegetables should be eaten every day.
Water is an important nutrient for the body.
Eat all kinds of food to avoid malnutrition.
Milk and milk products are good for bones.
Lentils are a good source of protein.
I have a habit of eating an apple every day.
Junk food is harmful to health.
Stay away from food with too much oil and spices.
You should drink eight glasses of water a day.
Why don't you eat fruits?
Lack of nutrition weakens the body.
Fiber-rich food is good for the digestive system.
Green vegetables are beneficial for the eyes.
If you want to stay healthy, eat nutritious food.
Too much sugar intake can cause diabetes.
I really like home-cooked food.
Outside food increases the risk of disease.
What kind of food does your child eat?
He eats breakfast every morning because it gives energy.
Meat and fish are good sources of protein.
Eating eggs is necessary for the body's development.
Eat your fill, but don't overeat.
Food that is clean protects against disease.
The doctor told me to eat lots of green vegetables.
Bananas give instant energy, so athletes eat them.
Good nutrition increases immunity.
Women need special nutrition during pregnancy.
If you have a problem with constipation, eat fiber-rich foods.
Lack of water can cause dehydration in the body.
How many times a day do you eat?
Eating stale food can cause stomach problems.
To avoid infection, you should wash fruits before eating.
Fruits with Vitamin C protect you from colds and coughs.
Lemon water keeps the body cool in summer.
Why do people like junk food so much?
It is very important to give nutritious food to young children.
I like to eat roti and dal with vegetables.
Rice is high in carbohydrates, which gives energy.
Olive oil is considered beneficial for the heart.
Tell me, what is your diet like?
People who eat a lot of sugar are at risk of diabetes.
Wake up in the morning and drink a glass of lukewarm water.
Excessive salt intake can increase high blood pressure.
Why do you eat light food at night?
Dal and rice is a balanced meal.
I think you need a lot of protein.
Green vegetables are rich in calcium and iron.
Salad should be an integral part of the meal.
You should chew your food slowly.
Why do people throw away fruit peels when they have fiber?
If you want to lose weight, eat food with fewer calories.
Nuts are good for health, but should be eaten in small amounts.
Drinking alcohol and smoking tobacco ruins your health.
His stomach hurt because he ate stale food.
We should eat at least five kinds of fruits a day.
Food that isn't made in a clean way can be harmful.
Soup keeps the body warm in winter.
If you're hungry, eat a healthy snack.
Vitamin D deficiency weakens bones.
Packaged food found in the market is often unhealthy.
He doesn't like to drink milk, but he eats yogurt.
Why doesn't your child like vegetables?
I think this food is lacking in nutrients.
Drink enough water to keep your body hydrated.
Carbohydrates give the body energy, but don't eat too much.
Good eating habits with regular exercise is necessary to avoid obesity.
Fruits have natural sugar, which is not harmful to the body.
I really like homemade food for my health.
If you are sick, eat food that is easy to digest.
Cinnamon can help control blood sugar levels.
Pay attention to the color and taste of food, because it is a sign of freshness.
Eating too much oil can increase cholesterol.
I have a habit of drinking soup every day, because it is good for health.
Tell me when you feel hungry.
People who eat a lot of fast food are at risk of gaining weight.
Pregnant women should eat food containing iron and folic acid.
Water plays an important role in digesting food.
Are you allergic to any particular food?
If you want to live a healthy life, include nutritious food in your routine.
Regular exercise is good for health.
It is necessary to walk every day.
We all should be active.
Exercise makes the body strong.
Running is beneficial for staying healthy.
Yoga calms the body and mind.
Sports keep the body healthy.
Practice waking up and walking in the morning.
Many people like to go to the gym and exercise.
Swimming is a good exercise.
Physical activity reduces stress.
Make your muscles stronger.
Exercise along with healthy food.
Encourage kids to play.
Old people should also walk.
Include exercise in your daily routine.
Exercise increases energy.
Exercise is very important for heart health.
Exercise is good for bones too.
Don't sit for too long.
If you want to stay healthy, exercise regularly.
Why doesn't he exercise, his body has become weak.
People who walk every day get sick less often.
We should exercise at least thirty minutes every day, so that the body stays fit.
When you exercise, drink plenty of water, so that the body does not get dehydrated.
He runs every day because he likes to stay active.
But if you have any illness, ask your doctor before exercising.
Those who don't exercise are more likely to become obese.
What kind of exercise do you like to do that makes you happy?
Even though exercise makes the body tired, it energizes the mind.
He exercised too much, I guess, his muscles are sore.
If the weather is good, go outside and exercise.
He has a habit of exercising every day, that's why he's healthy.
Kids should participate in physical education class in school, so they stay healthy.
When you exercise, keep your body's capacity in mind.
The doctor advised that you should walk for at least 20 minutes every day.
If you don't exercise, you'll have to face many diseases in the future.
People who sit for a long time should be active.
He goes to the gym, but he sometimes finds it hard to exercise.
It's important to warm-up before exercising, because it prevents injuries.
We should be aware of our physical health.
Exercise makes the body agile and increases the ability to fight diseases.
Walking is a simple but very effective exercise that anyone can do.
Old people should do light exercise so that their bones remain strong.
He was overweight, I guess, the doctor advised him to run every day.
If you want to do yoga, do it under the guidance of a good instructor.
Regular sports lead to physical and mental development of children.
People who wake up early in the morning and exercise feel energetic throughout the day.
Don't forget to stretch your body before exercising.
What time do you feel is best to exercise?
Since he doesn't have time to go to the gym, he exercises at home.
If you feel any pain while exercising, stop immediately.
Swimming activates all the muscles of the body at once, which is very beneficial.
We should include small physical activities in our daily life.
People who cycle every day can avoid the risk of heart disease.
Exercise is not only for the body, but also necessary for mental health.
What kind of physical activities do you like the most?
If you want to exercise but are not getting motivated, start with a friend.
Since she does yoga regularly, her body is very flexible.
Exercise reduces stress because it releases a chemical called endorphins.
Everyone should choose exercise according to their body's needs.
If you need to lose a lot of weight, do high-intensity exercise.
Physical activity also brings good sleep, which is important for overall health.
Instead of playing games on mobile, encourage children to go out and play.
People who walk at least ten thousand steps every day stay fit.
You should understand your body's signals when exercising.
Since he does his workout regularly, his stamina is very good.
If you are not enjoying exercising, find an activity you like.
It is necessary for everyone to do some form of physical activity.
We should avoid a sedentary lifestyle, because it's the root of many diseases.
If you don't have access to a gym, do simple exercises at home.
Walking in the fresh morning air gives peace to the mind.
Exercise strengthens the body's immunity, which helps fight infections.
People who live an active life have more energy and happiness.
After your workout session, do cool-down exercises to cool the body.
Because she exercised regularly, her risk of diabetes decreased.
If you have any injuries, don't exercise until it heals.
Physical activity can also help you fight anxiety and depression.
With regular exercise, you can keep your weight under control.
A balance of exercise and nutritious food is essential for a healthy lifestyle.
Mental health is as important as physical health.
Learn to express your feelings.
Stress has become a normal part of our lives.
Getting enough sleep is very important for health.
Why are you feeling down about yourself?
If you are feeling too stressed, try to relax.
Good mental health helps us make good decisions.
Overthinking increases mental burden.
Sometimes being alone is also good for mental peace.
Worry and fear can affect mental health.
You should meditate to keep your mind calm.
It's hard to be patient in stressful situations.
If you don't sleep well, you feel tired all day.
Mental illness is not a weakness.
Drinking too much caffeine badly affects sleep.
Share your problems with friends and family.
Why can't you sleep well at night?
Social support is very important for mental health.
People who are stressed often don't feel hungry.
Regular exercise reduces stress and helps you sleep better.
If something is bothering you a lot, get professional advice.
Lack of sleep leads to decreased concentration.
Keep your mind full of positive thoughts.
It is important to talk openly about mental health.
Why do you often feel anxious?
Ignoring stress for too long can be harmful to your health.
People who don't get enough sleep are more likely to be depressed.
Include relaxation time in your daily routine.
Staying away from mobile phones is important for good sleep.
If you're feeling depressed, watch a good movie.
Being mentally healthy is the foundation of a happy life.
Breathing exercises are helpful when you're stressed.
I need a calm environment to sleep well at night.
Taking up a new hobby is good for mental health.
Have you tried to understand the cause of your stress?
Good sleep energizes our body.
Too much work pressure causes mental fatigue.
Taking care of yourself is essential to become mentally strong.
If you're feeling too stressed, pay attention to your diet.
People with sleep problems should consult a doctor.
Positive thinking improves mental health.
Spend time with nature to reduce stress.
I can't sleep at night because I think too much.
Do you find it difficult to control your mind?
A person who stays happy also has good mental health.
Too much social media use can be harmful to mental health.
I need to sleep at a fixed time every night.
If your mind is restless, go to a religious place.
Mental peace gives us happiness in life.
Listen to music to reduce stress.
Why do you pay attention to sleep quality?
Good sleep also strengthens our immunity.
People who hide their feelings are more likely to have mental problems.
Knowing your limits and saying "no" is also good for mental health.
Consuming too much sugar can increase stress.
I like to drink warm milk before going to sleep at night.
Why do you measure your stress level?
If you are afraid of something, write it down.
Pay attention to your body's nutrition for mental health.
Yoga is a good way to get rid of stress.
Working for too long has a bad effect on sleep.
Why do you pay attention to your self-esteem?
People who get enough rest feel more energetic.
Give time to your hobbies for your mental health.
Fix your priorities to reduce stress.
I like to read a good book at night if I can't sleep.
Why do you use a special method to keep your mind calm?
Avoid negative thoughts to stay mentally healthy.
Lack of sleep also affects our physical health.
If you don't sleep well, make your bedroom comfortable.
Breaking your goals into smaller parts reduces stress.
Strengthen your relationships for mental health.
Do you fulfill your emotional needs?
People who are very stressed often have headaches.
Good sleep also improves our memory.
If you're not feeling well, talk to your friend.
Expressing gratitude is a good practice to reduce stress.
Connecting with nature is very beneficial for mental health.
Do you try to keep your sleep schedule regular?
Enough sleep and a stress-free life are key to mental health.
Make sure to get a health checkup before getting pregnant.
A nutritious diet is very important for pregnant women.
Don't take any medicine without consulting a doctor.
Regular exercise maintains physical fitness during pregnancy.
Getting enough sleep is essential during pregnancy.
If you have any unusual changes in your body, see a doctor immediately.
Pregnant women should take folic acid tablets.
Smoking and alcohol consumption are harmful during pregnancy.
The mother's health is very important for the baby's development.
Feeling nauseous and vomiting is normal in the first three months.
But, if you vomit a lot, then consult a doctor.
Lack of calcium and iron can stop the baby's development.
You can get information about the baby's health from an ultrasound.
You can do yoga and meditation to avoid stress during pregnancy.
Your friend's support is very important during this time.
Choose a hospital early for delivery preparation.
After the baby is born, the mother needs enough rest.
Mother's milk is the best food for the baby.
Show the newborn baby to the doctor regularly.
Postpartum depression is a serious problem.
If you are feeling depressed, talk to your family and doctor.
Pregnant women should avoid doing heavy work.
Make sure to get the vaccine that the doctor gives.
Regular blood pressure checks are necessary during pregnancy.
When the baby starts kicking, the mother feels happy.
Prenatal care is the foundation of a baby's healthy life.
Light exercise helps with back pain during pregnancy.
Drinking enough water can prevent constipation problems.
A woman who is planning to conceive should talk to her doctor.
Giving birth is an amazing experience, it changes your life.
There are many ways to reduce labor pain.
If a baby is born premature, they need special care.
C-section delivery can save both the mother and baby's life in an emergency.
It takes some time for a mother's body to recover after giving birth.
Give the newborn baby a clean and safe environment.
It's very good if you start breastfeeding right after birth.
If you have trouble breastfeeding, get help from a specialist.
After giving birth, the mother should pay special attention to her diet.
Information about family planning is important for mothers after giving birth.
Pregnant women should reduce their caffeine intake.
The doctor who takes care of pregnancy is called a gynecologist.
Playing music to the baby in the womb helps to keep them calm.
Before traveling during pregnancy, get permission from the doctor.
Women who already have a disease should be even more careful.
Women feel much stronger when their husbands are allowed to stay with them in the delivery room.
Preparing at home for childbirth is not safe.
Postpartum bleeding should be taken very seriously.
Only breastfeed the newborn for the first six months.
It is very important to pay attention to every stage of the baby's development.
Ask your doctor before eating any new food during pregnancy.
Pregnant women who have diabetes should follow a special diet plan.
Your body prepares itself to give birth.
Breathing exercises are helpful to reduce labor pain.
Hearing the baby's first cry is an unforgettable moment for parents.
Go to the hospital if you start having preterm labor.
Postpartum exercise helps to bring the body back to its previous condition.
Dress the newborn well to keep them warm.
Breastfeeding benefits the health of both mother and baby.
The doctor will call you for a check-up after the baby is born.
Swelling is normal during pregnancy, but too much swelling can be dangerous.
If you have severe abdominal pain, see a doctor immediately.
Social support plays an important role for a safe pregnancy.
It is helpful to attend childbirth classes.
It is important to make the house safe before the baby arrives.
Never ignore the symptoms of postpartum depression.
Bathing the newborn regularly is important to keep them clean.
The woman who gives birth enduring labor pain is the strongest.
Consult your doctor before starting sexual relations after giving birth.
Mental peace is very important for a healthy pregnancy.
If you're planning to get pregnant, make good lifestyle changes.
During pregnancy, the size of the uterus increases, it's normal.
It's very important to be patient during labor pains.
A baby's first poop (meconium) is dark green.
When a baby sucks breast milk, they feel safe.
If postpartum bleeding is too heavy, it could be an emergency.
Get the newborn checked for jaundice.
A healthy mother has healthy children.
It's very important to get enough rest and be happy during pregnancy.
Becoming a mother is a beautiful journey that every woman experiences.
Taking care of a child's health is very important.
Vaccines protect children from serious diseases.
Every parent should ensure their child is vaccinated, because it's important for their future.
After vaccination, the child's immunity increases, which helps them fight diseases.
If a child is not vaccinated on time, they are at risk of getting many diseases.
Vaccination is a safe and effective way that can save a child's life.
The government runs special campaigns for child vaccination.
Health workers go around villages vaccinating.
A child's health is the future of the nation.
Regular health check-ups help keep a child healthy, because it detects potential problems early.
You should always keep your vaccine card safe, so it can be useful for information later.
Newborn babies get their first vaccine right after they're born.
After getting vaccinated, the baby might get a slight fever and pain.
If the baby gets a high fever after vaccination, consult a doctor immediately.
It's very important to pay special attention to the baby's health.
Newborn babies should be taken to the doctor regularly.
Breastfed babies get a lot of nutrients from their mother's milk.
Vaccines are very important for all children.
Only give breast milk to the baby for the first 6 months.
The baby should be kept in a clean environment.
If the baby has a high fever, contact a doctor immediately.
After getting vaccinated, the baby might get a slight fever and body ache.
A child who gets vaccinated on time stays much safer.
The polio vaccine protects the child from polio.
The measles vaccine keeps the child away from serious measles disease.
If the baby is having difficulty breathing, it could be serious.
The baby should be allowed to get enough sleep, because good sleep is essential for their development.
Include nutritious food in the baby's diet.
Every vaccine has its own specific schedule.
Vaccines protect children from many deadly diseases.
If your child gets sick, don't give medicine on your own.
Don't give any antibiotics without consulting a doctor.
The DTP vaccine is given for diphtheria, tetanus, and whooping cough.
If the child has a high fever after vaccination, tell the doctor.
Teach the child to wash their hands regularly.
Cleanliness protects children from many diseases.
A balanced diet is very important for children.
Sports are also necessary for their physical development.
If the child has constant vomiting and diarrhea, it could be a sign of dehydration.
Dehydration can be life-threatening for a child, be careful.
Give the child the dose prescribed by the doctor on time.
Keep the vaccination card safe, because it is always needed.
Every vaccine's name and date is written on the card.
If any vaccine is missed, ask the doctor and get it administered.
When the child has a fever, dress them in light clothes.
Wiping the child's forehead with a wet cloth can reduce the fever.
Give the child plenty of fluids, such as water, ORS.
ORS solution provides energy to the child during diarrhea.
If the child is feeling cold, keep them warm, but not too hot.
After vaccination, the child's arm may also have slight swelling.
This is a normal reaction, it will be fine in a few days.
Still, if it's too swollen, show it to the doctor.
Get the baby's weight and height checked regularly.
This is a sign of their good development.
If the baby is allergic to anything, tell the doctor before vaccinating.
The maternal and child health card keeps a complete record of the baby's health.
Don't keep the baby in the sun for too long, because they can get sunburned.
It's good to keep them in the light sun for some time for Vitamin D.
If the baby has a stuffy nose, you can also give them steam.
But, it is important to be careful when giving steam.
When the baby's teeth are coming in, their gums may hurt.
You can ask the doctor for medicine to reduce the pain.
Make it a habit for the baby to pee and poop regularly.
Change the diet to solve the problem of constipation or diarrhea.
If the baby doesn't sleep at night, pay attention to their daily routine.
It is good to tell the baby a story and put them to sleep for a good sleep.
Check for allergies before feeding anything new.
Keeping the baby's toys clean is also very important.
Because dirty toys can cause infection in the baby.
Go to the vaccination center and get information about the vaccine.
Vaccinations are free in government hospitals.
If the child shows any serious illness symptoms, see a doctor immediately.
A baby who isn't drinking milk well might be dehydrated.
Baby's skin is very soft, so don't use harsh soaps.
If the baby gets diaper rash, keep the area dry and apply cream.
If the baby has a persistent cough, it could be a symptom of asthma.
It's very important to be informed about the baby's developmental milestones.
A baby who sits, walks, and talks on time is considered healthy.
But, all babies develop at their own pace.
If the baby suddenly has a stomach ache, show it to a doctor.
Vaccines protect children from serious diseases in the future, which keeps their life safe.
Keep the baby away from cigarette smoke, because it damages their lungs.
Participate in vaccination campaigns and keep your child safe.
If you want to see your child healthy, get all the vaccinations on time.
For the child's mental health, give them time and love.
A child who grows up in a loving environment is also mentally healthy.
Don't give the baby too many sugary things, because it's not good for their teeth.
Make it a habit to clean the baby's teeth regularly.
If you think the baby's eyesight is weak, show them to an eye doctor.
It's important to let the baby drink enough water, especially on hot days.
If the child has any allergic reaction after vaccination, take them to the hospital immediately.
If the child has a worm problem in their stomach, give them medicine after consulting a doctor.
The safety and health of a child is the biggest responsibility of the parents.
Always remember that a child's future depends on their good health.
First aid is very important in any emergency situation.
It can even save the life of an injured person.
If you have first aid knowledge, you can help others.
Every house should have a first aid kit.
Keep essential medicines and supplies in the first aid box.
Sometimes even a small injury can be serious.
In such a situation, it is necessary to give first aid immediately.
So that the situation does not get worse.
First aid plays an important role in sudden accidents.
This is the first help that gives relief to the patient until they reach the hospital.
Clean any small cut wound.
It is good to wash the wound with running water.
Apply antiseptic to the wound and bandage it.
If the wound is deep, consult a doctor.
If there is a lot of bleeding, apply direct pressure to the wound.
Stop the bleeding using a clean cloth.
If the bleeding doesn't stop, go to the hospital immediately.
It's very important to keep the injured area clean.
Protecting the wound from infection is the first priority.
Do you have wound cleaning supplies at home?
If you have a nosebleed, lean forward.
Pinch your nose for two minutes.
If the bleeding doesn't stop after a long time, see a doctor.
In a serious injury, bleeding can be life-threatening.
If you cut your hand, raise it up so the bleeding reduces.
Applying ice to the injured area can also reduce bleeding.
Is this enough to stop the bleeding?
If the blood is flowing in a stream, it could be a serious situation.
Call an ambulance immediately if the patient is bleeding heavily.
If an object is stuck in the wound, don't try to remove it.
Immediately pour cold water on a burn.
Don't apply ice, because it can cause more damage.
Keep the burned area in cold water for at least ten minutes.
Don't try to pop blisters, because that can cause infection.
If the burn is very deep, get medical help immediately.
Apply aloe vera gel to minor burns.
Cover the burn wound with a clean bandage.
Steam burns can also be serious.
Keep kids away from hot things, so they don't get burned.
Burns are divided into three categories, depending on how bad they are.
If a bone is broken, don't try to straighten the injured limb.
Don't shake it, because that can cause more injury.
For a sprain, put ice and let it rest.
With a sprain, it can hurt and swell.
If it hurts a lot and is swollen too, see a doctor.
Keep the injured limb raised to reduce swelling.
In this situation, encourage the injured person.
If a bone is broken, support it with something stiff.
Don't shake the injured person until the ambulance arrives.
Is the place you got hurt hurting a lot?
If someone is choking, hit them on the back.
Try to free their breath by putting pressure on their stomach.
Lay the unconscious person down in a safe place.
Don't put anything in their mouth, because that can cause more harm.
Check if they are breathing.
If they are not breathing, you might have to give CPR.
A person in shock gets cold and sweaty.
Keep a person in shock warm and elevate their legs.
Try to talk to them and encourage them.
If someone suddenly faints, call for help immediately.
If someone has taken poison, contact a doctor right away.
Keep the poison control center number in your phone.
If a snake bites, clean the bite area and keep it still.
Keep the bite area below heart level so the venom doesn't spread.
If a dog bites, wash the wound thoroughly with soap and water.
If you need to give CPR, give chest compressions.
Compress about 100 to 120 times per minute.
It's very important to get CPR training.
Give one breath for every three compressions.
If a child is bitten by a snake, take them to the hospital immediately.
Taking a first aid course prepares you for emergencies.
Save emergency numbers on your mobile.
Staying calm is most important in any emergency situation.
Panicking can make the situation worse.
Try to give first aid information to people in your neighborhood too.
If you need help, don't hesitate.
Keep an eye on the patient until the ambulance arrives.
In any accident, the first response should be correct.
Teach your child how to do first aid for minor injuries.
This small information can save lives, so take it seriously.
Diabetes is a long-term disease that affects the body's ability to use sugar.
Eating too many sugary foods increases the risk of diabetes.
High blood pressure is also called the 'silent killer' because it has no specific symptoms.
Exercising regularly is very important to avoid heart disease.
If you have a family history of diabetes, you should be very careful.
Reduce salt intake to keep blood pressure under control.
Chest pain and difficulty breathing can be the main symptoms of a heart attack.
Do not stop taking diabetes medicine without consulting a doctor.
A healthy diet and regular exercise help control high blood pressure.
Obesity is a major risk for heart disease, diabetes, and high blood pressure all together.
Diabetic patients should check their sugar levels regularly.
When you feel dizzy and tired, your blood pressure may be low.
Irregular heartbeat can be a sign of heart disease.
People who smoke are more likely to have a heart attack.
Stress can raise blood pressure, so try to reduce stress.
Diabetes can cause problems with the eyes, kidneys, and nerves.
Did your doctor tell you that you have diabetes?
It's important to take blood pressure medicine regularly so that it can be controlled.
If you have a heart attack, it's very important to get medical help immediately.
If you have diabetes, take good care of your feet because wounds don't heal well.
Get your blood pressure checked every 6 months, especially if you are over forty.
Eat fruits, vegetables, and whole grains for a healthy heart.
High cholesterol can block the heart arteries, which can lead to a heart attack.
Diabetes treatment includes both lifestyle changes and medicine.
If you have high blood pressure, it might be convenient to have a blood pressure measuring machine at home.
A person with heart disease should reduce fat in their diet.
Walking regularly helps keep both blood pressure and sugar levels under control.
Do you know how many types of diabetes there are?
If you feel sudden weakness and chest discomfort, consult a doctor.
Symptoms of a weak heart include shortness of breath and swollen feet.
Diabetic patients should stay away from sugary drinks because they can quickly increase sugar levels.
High blood pressure medicine should always be taken according to the doctor's instructions.
If you have heart disease, limit or completely stop alcohol consumption.
Childhood obesity increases the risk of type 2 diabetes.
Regular check-ups help detect chronic diseases early.
Heart surgery may be an option for serious heart disease.
To avoid long-term problems from diabetes, very strict control is needed.
Blood pressure medicine can have side effects, so it's important to talk to the doctor.
People who smoke a lot, their arteries become hard.
A balanced diet plays an important role in controlling diabetes.
If you have high blood pressure, try to do yoga or meditation regularly.
A weak heart muscle cannot pump enough blood.
There are different types of insulin available for diabetes, which are given according to the patient's needs.
Keeping blood pressure under control is important to avoid stroke and heart attack.
To keep your heart healthy, eat more foods with fiber.
Did you know that exercising can lower blood sugar?
High blood pressure can put pressure on the kidneys and damage them.
When the heart muscle doesn't get enough blood, there is angina pain.
Diabetic patients should get their eyes checked regularly.
Quitting smoking is the best way to reduce the risk of high blood pressure and heart disease.
Healthy food keeps your heart strong and helps fight diseases.
Diabetes can cause nerve damage, which can cause tingling in the feet.
It is necessary to know the correct way to use a blood pressure measuring machine.
A fast or slow heartbeat can be a sign of a serious problem.
People who don't get enough sleep are more likely to have high blood pressure.
Diabetic patients should pay attention to carbohydrate intake.
If you have high blood pressure, then pay attention to your coffee intake too.
It's very important to keep your heart's blood pressure and cholesterol levels under control.
You should be careful even when consuming sugar-free products, because they might have more calories.
Suddenly stopping blood pressure medicine can be dangerous, so consult a doctor.
Risk factors for heart disease include smoking, obesity, and a sedentary lifestyle.
Type 1 diabetes happens in childhood or adolescence, because the body doesn't make insulin.
Check your weight regularly because too much weight can increase blood pressure.
It is very important for a person suffering from heart disease to take their medicine on time.
If you constantly feel thirsty, urinate a lot, and feel tired, then get checked for diabetes.
A wrong reading from a blood pressure measuring device can lead to wrong treatment.
Problems with the heart valve can affect blood flow.
It's important to adopt a healthy lifestyle along with diabetes medicine.
High blood pressure greatly increases the risk of stroke.
Regularly eating fish can be beneficial for preventing heart disease.
Did you know that drinking enough water helps keep blood pressure under control?
Controlling carbohydrate intake is a major challenge in managing diabetes.
Regular monitoring of blood pressure helps to avoid complications.
Aerobic exercise is very good for strengthening the heart muscle.
If you have a family history of heart disease, you should talk to your doctor.
Awareness campaigns for diabetes are very important in society.
When you see symptoms of high blood pressure, the disease has already reached a very serious stage.
In case of a heart attack emergency, call an ambulance immediately.
Regular physical activity can control diabetes, high blood pressure, and heart disease all three.
People who adopt a healthy lifestyle are less likely to get chronic diseases.
You should always keep your house clean.
Dirt spreads a lot of diseases.
It is very important to bathe regularly.
Cleanliness is the foundation of our health.
It is everyone's duty to keep our surroundings clean.
Leftover plates should be disposed of properly, because mosquitoes and flies breed from them.
If the house isn't clean, you're definitely going to get sick.
Cleanliness keeps the environment pure.
Wash your clothes regularly, so that germs don't grow.
Whoever keeps their house clean, stays very healthy.
Did anyone tell you why cleanliness is important?
We all should pay special attention to the cleanliness of our bodies.
Once a week, clean the whole house thoroughly.
It is necessary to always keep the toilet clean.
Living in a dirty place can cause skin diseases.
It is mandatory to wash your hands with soap before eating.
You have to wash your hands well after using the toilet.
If you don't wash your hands, germs enter our body.
Kids should be taught the habit of washing hands from a young age.
Do you know how to wash your hands?
You should wash your hands for at least twenty seconds.
If soap and water aren't available, use sanitizer.
It's also important to wash your hands after coughing and sneezing.
You can avoid cold and flu infections by washing your hands.
People who wash their hands regularly get sick less often.
You shouldn't touch your eyes, nose, and mouth with dirty hands.
Germs stay on your hands without being seen.
You should dry your hands after and before washing them.
Eating food with dirty hands can cause stomach problems.
Doctors also emphasize the importance of washing hands.
Cleanliness is very important to avoid infection.
Cover your mouth with a cloth when coughing and sneezing.
The infections that spread are because of dirt.
To avoid infectious diseases, stay away from crowded places.
If someone is sick, keep a proper distance from them.
Regularly clean infected surfaces with disinfectant.
Mosquitoes and flies also cause a lot of infections.
Drinking dirty water can cause diseases like cholera and typhoid.
Always cover your food so flies can't land on it.
Do you know how infection spreads?
If we don't take precautions, we can get infected.
Personal hygiene reduces the risk of infection.
Special measures are taken in hospitals to prevent infection.
Keeping the wound clean and covered with a bandage protects against infection.
Wash your hands after meeting someone who is infected.
Brush your teeth twice a day because oral hygiene is also important.
Eating stale food can cause stomach infections.
Change the baby's diaper immediately and dispose of it properly.
You must wash your hands after touching pets.
Germs are small and cannot be seen with the eyes.
There should be a good system for draining dirty water.
Our municipality should also pay special attention to cleanliness.
We need to make people understand who don't understand the importance of cleanliness.
Cut your nails regularly because dirt accumulates in them.
If we all work together to clean, the society will stay healthy.
Be careful before and after using public toilets.
You should wash fruits and vegetables from the market properly.
You should take responsibility for your own personal hygiene.
You can disinfect surfaces using disinfectant spray.
If you have allergies, avoid dust and dirt.
The one who follows cleanliness, lives a healthy life.
Always keep the kitchen clean, because food is made there.
Don't throw garbage in the open, because it spreads disease.
Avoid water accumulation during the rainy season, so mosquitoes don't breed.
Do you have enough water and soap at home for hand washing?
Washing clothes with hot water is the best way to avoid infection.
People who live in a clean environment also have good mental health.
Teach children to wash their hands after playing.
We all should spread awareness about cleanliness in society.
Breathing in a polluted environment can cause respiratory diseases.
If you see any symptoms of infection, consult a doctor.
Using soap and water kills 99% of germs.
Wash your dishes well and dry them before storing.
People who don't pay attention to cleanliness often get sick.
Using gloves for cleaning is good for safety.
If you have a cold, don't go to crowded places.
Rats and other creatures grow in piles of garbage, which spread disease.
Understand the importance of clean water and use it well.
To avoid infection, personal items like handkerchiefs should be used by one person only, don't share with others.
Every member of our society should take care of their cleanliness.
Taking good care of old people is the duty of all of us.
They should be taken to the doctor regularly.
Remind them to take medicine on time.
If old people live alone, it is important to take special care of them.
It is very important to give them nutritious food.
Doing light exercise every day helps keep them healthy.
When it's time to take medicine, tell them to take it properly.
Many times old people forget to take their medicine.
For this, writing the time on the medicine box can be a good idea.
Keep their room clean so that infection can be avoided.
Tell them to wear warm clothes to avoid the cold.
If they feel even a little weak, consult a doctor immediately.
Sometimes old people are sad because they feel lonely.
Talk to them and listen to their problems.
People who take care of the elderly should be patient.
Old people's bones are weak, so it is important to protect them from falling.
Keep the floors in her house from being slippery.
Putting grab handles in the bathroom will make it easier for her.
If her eyesight gets weak, tell her to wear glasses.
If there's a hearing problem, using a hearing aid is beneficial.
Many people have problems with high blood pressure and diabetes.
It's necessary to take regular medicine to control all these diseases.
If she can't sleep, consult a doctor.
Increase the amount of fruits and vegetables in her diet.
Drinking enough water keeps the body hydrated.
Don't change the medicine the doctor prescribed without asking.
Remember the medicine's possible side effects and pay attention to them.
When you buy medicine, be sure to check the expiry date.
Keep a list of medicines with all the medicine names and times written on it.
This list can be very helpful in an emergency.
Keeping elderly people connected with society is good for their mental health.
Involve him in festivals and encourage him to spend time with his family members.
If he has any old hobbies, inspire him to start them again.
Spend some time with him every day and talk.
Teach him something new that keeps his mind active.
If any changes are seen in his behavior, take it seriously.
Memory loss is a normal thing as you get older.
But if it gets too much, you should see a doctor.
Keep their ID and important papers in a safe place.
Keep emergency phone numbers where they can be easily found.
Giving them a mobile phone can also be a good idea.
When they go out, a family member should be with them.
Take special care of them during the cold season.
Tell them to drink plenty of water and stay in the shade in the summer.
If someone is bedridden, keep turning them from time to time.
That way they won't get sores.
Pay special attention to their personal hygiene.
Dental care is also very important in old age.
Take them to the dentist regularly.
If they have any difficulty breathing, take them to the hospital immediately.
Chest pain or discomfort can be serious.
Provide them with anything they need immediately.
Never let them feel hopeless in their life.
It is important to give the right dose of medicine to those who are sick.
Because the wrong dose can have a bad effect on health.
Many times they don't remember the name of their medicine.
Make a medicine chart for that.
The chart should clearly have the medicine name, dosage, and when to take it.
If any new medicine is started, pay attention to their allergies.
Start any new medicine only after asking the doctor.
Their digestion gets weak easily, so give light food.
Food with fiber is beneficial for them.
If they have a constipation problem, consult a doctor.
Sitting in the sun for some time every day is good for Vitamin D.
But don't sit in the sun too much.
For someone who has memory loss, memory-boosting games can be beneficial.
Don't treat them like a child.
Respect their feelings and involve them in decision-making.
If they feel scared or anxious, listen to them patiently.
Family support is the greatest strength in old age.
There should not be any kind of negligence in taking care of elderly people.
Cleanliness should be maintained near them.
If they get any infectious disease, treat it properly.
It is important to maintain a balance of their physical and mental health.
Check their weight once a week and keep track of it.
If there is a sudden change in weight, talk to the doctor.
It's always good to keep some cash safe with them.
For people who are paralyzed, make sure they get physiotherapy regularly.
They shouldn't feel like they are a burden.
Showing them love, respect, and patience is the greatest service.
Eyes are a very important part of our body.
Ears help us hear everything, and life is difficult without them.
Good and nutritious food is necessary for healthy eyes.
Eating colorful vegetables and fruits is very beneficial for the eyes.
Looking at mobile or computer screens too much can damage your eyes.
Wash your eyes with clean and cold water every day.
Wear sunglasses when going out in the sun, because the sun's rays are harmful.
If your eyes itch, avoid rubbing them.
Ear cleaning should be done very carefully, as it is very sensitive.
Do not put any sharp objects in your ear, as it can rupture the eardrum.
Too much noise can cause permanent damage to the ears.
If you have difficulty hearing, see a doctor immediately.
Ear infections are common in young children, which need attention.
Poor eyesight can interfere with both studies and daily activities.
Get your eyes checked regularly, especially after a certain age.
Cataracts are very common in older people, which require timely treatment.
Cataracts can be treated with surgery, and it's safe.
Eye exercises make your vision sharper and keep your eyes healthy.
Earaches can be really unbearable because they can have many causes.
When you have an earache, avoid home remedies and get doctor's advice.
Use the medicine the doctor prescribes in the right amount and at the right time.
Looking at your phone or laptop in the dark is really bad for your eyes.
Working on the computer for too long makes your eyes tired and dry.
Taking regular breaks while working is like giving your eyes a rest.
Earwax comes out on its own, so don't try to remove it.
You shouldn't clean your ears with cotton buds, because it can push the wax inside.
It's important to keep your ears dry, especially after showering or swimming.
Don't let water stay in your ears after swimming, because it can cause an infection.
If water stays in your ear, try to get it out or contact a doctor.
Blindness is a serious problem, and awareness is necessary for its prevention.
Wearing glasses keeps weak vision correct and reduces strain on the eyes.
Children need special eye care, because their eyes are still developing.
Pus coming from the ear is a sign of a serious infection and should be treated immediately.
Contact a doctor immediately when any such symptoms appear.
People who work in a lot of noise should wear earplugs to protect their ears.
The eardrum is very delicate, so protect it from any kind of damage.
Vitamin A is really good for the eyes, because it makes your eyesight sharp.
It's good to eat fruits and vegetables like carrots, spinach, and papaya.
If your eye is red and hurts, go see a doctor without delay.
We shouldn't ignore our ear health, because hearing is also important.
Avoiding noise pollution is best for our ears, because it causes deafness.
People who use headphones a lot should listen at a lower volume.
High blood pressure can damage the retina of the eye and affect vision.
Diabetes can also cause serious eye problems like diabetic retinopathy.
So, it's very important to keep diabetes and blood pressure under control.
If your vision suddenly gets weak, it could be a serious sign.
It's important to give children eye protection while playing, like in badminton or cricket.
Blinking your eyes regularly prevents dry eyes and keeps the eyes moist.
Old people are more at risk for cataracts and glaucoma.
These should be checked and treated on time because they cause blindness.
If there is a hole in the eardrum, it can reduce hearing ability and also cause pain.
People who smoke can damage both their eyes and ears.
Adopting a healthy lifestyle is very good for both the eyes and ears.
Avoid using eye drops too much, because they can have side effects.
Don't use any medicine without a doctor's advice, because it can be harmful.
If something gets in your eye, don't rub it.
Wash it with clean water or see a doctor right away.
Ear infections can cause fever, ear pain, and even hearing loss.
People who swim should use earplugs to prevent water from entering their ears.
Looking at the screen for too long can cause eye strain and headaches.
It's important to take a twenty-second break every twenty minutes and look twenty feet away.
This is called the 20-20-20 rule, which relaxes the eyes.
It is important to protect the eyes from bright light, as it has a bad effect on the eyes.
If you have eye pain and blurred vision, it's a serious sign.
Avoid using special tools to clean your ears, such as ear spoons.
Anything that goes inside the ear can damage the eardrum.
Take special care when cleaning babies' ears, as their ears are very delicate.
If your child touches or pulls their ear frequently, it could be a sign of infection.
Reading in proper light is good for the eyes and reduces eye strain.
Watching too much TV affects children's eyes and can weaken their vision.
If you have eye irritation, you can use rose water, but it's only a temporary solution.
Good sleep is essential for keeping the eyes healthy, as the eyes relax during sleep.
If you hear ringing or whistling in your ears, it's called tinnitus.
Tinnitus can be a serious problem, so it's important to consult a doctor about it.
Dryness in the eyes can also be caused by allergies or not drinking enough water.
Drinking water regularly keeps the body hydrated, which is also good for the eyes.
We all should be aware and get regular checkups to take care of our eyes and ears.
By following cleanliness, we can avoid eye and ear infections.
Nutritious food and a healthy lifestyle help us take good care of our senses.
Eyes and ears are very important in life, so protecting them is our duty.
Healthy skin enhances the beauty of the body.
Taking care of skin is important for all of us.
Clean skin protects from many diseases.
Bathing every day keeps the skin clean.
Drinking enough water keeps the skin hydrated, which makes the skin glow.
Protect your skin from the sun, because it can be harmful.
If your skin is dry, use moisturizer.
Use a light cleanser for oily skin.
As you get older, the elasticity of the skin decreases.
Nutritious food keeps the skin healthy from the inside.
Eating fruits and vegetables is good for glowing skin.
It is necessary to remove makeup before sleeping at night.
Baby's skin is very delicate, it needs special care.
If you see any unwanted spots or blemishes on any part of the body, consult a doctor.
Reduce sun exposure to avoid skin cancer.
Avoid scratching itchy skin too hard.
If the skin problem is serious, then you need to see a skin doctor.
Only use the cream that suits your skin.
Before using things with chemicals, try applying a little bit first.
It's important to maintain the skin's natural balance.
Allergy is a common health problem.
Many people are allergic to many things.
Pollen, dust, and some foods are the main causes of allergies.
Allergies can cause skin redness and itching.
If you are allergic to something, try to stay away from it.
Food allergies can cause stomach pain and vomiting too.
The effects of allergies can range from mild to severe.
In case of a severe allergy, it can be difficult to breathe, which can be life-threatening.
If you have allergies frequently, get it checked by a doctor.
Allergy medicine helps to reduce the symptoms.
Milk and peanut allergies are common in children.
Some people also show allergic reactions due to insect bites.
By getting an allergy test, you can identify the things that trigger your allergies.
People who have allergies should pay attention to their diet.
Some people may also be allergic to pets.
Allergies can also cause sneezing, runny nose, and watery eyes.
When the weather changes, pollen allergies get worse.
You shouldn't ignore allergy symptoms.
Wash new clothes before wearing them, because they can also cause allergies.
Keeping your house clean reduces dust allergies.
Itching is a common skin problem.
The body can itch for various reasons.
Dry skin is a major cause of itching.
Mosquito bites make people itch.
Avoid scratching after itching, as it can cause infection.
Bathing in hot water increases the likelihood of itching.
Bathing in cold water can relieve itching.
Soap with neem is beneficial for itching.
If the itching persists, contact a doctor.
Itching can cause sleep problems at night.
Itching can also occur as a side effect of medication.
Constant itching in a specific area of the body may be a sign of a serious illness.
If itching is accompanied by redness and swelling, it may be an allergy symptom.
Aloe vera gel is effective in reducing itching.
Wearing loose and cotton clothes reduces itching.
Severe itching can also be caused by infection.
People who have diabetes, they often have itching problems.
Anti-histamine medicines are useful for itching.
Too much stress can also cause itching.
Rashes and itching are common in children.
It's better to use moisturizing soap instead of normal soap.
If you see unusual itchy spots on your body, consult a doctor immediately.
Contact with chemicals can cause skin irritation and allergies.
Using sunscreen protects the skin from the sun's harmful rays.
People who work in chemical factories should take special care of their skin.
The sap of many plants can also cause allergic reactions.
Eczema is a skin condition where there is a lot of itching and dryness.
If a particular fabric makes you itch, you should avoid wearing it.
Applying neem oil when itchy is an effective home remedy.
In summer, sweat can also cause skin itching and rashes.
Taking antibiotics can also cause allergic rashes on the skin in some people.
Prevention is the best treatment for allergies, as it is important to stay away from the trigger.
A dermatologist can tell you the correct diagnosis and treatment for your skin problem.
Washing hands frequently also makes the skin dry, which can cause itching.
Your body's immune system is responsible for allergic reactions.
Dust mites, pollen, and mold are common causes of allergies.
Your doctor will prescribe the medicine dosage based on the severity of your allergy.
Some people get hand allergies while cutting vegetables.
Allergic rhinitis causes problems like itchy nose and sneezing.
Living in a clean environment is beneficial for both skin and allergies.
I couldn't digest today's food well.
I have a stomach ache and don't feel like doing any work.
Eating too much oily and spicy food can mess up your digestive system.
Eat fiber-rich foods to avoid constipation.
Diarrhea causes dehydration, which needs to be replenished.
Vomiting and diarrhea are common in children.
Lack of hygiene causes stomach infections to spread quickly.
Drinking boiled water can prevent stomach illnesses.
If you have gas problems, you should eat light food.
People who exercise regularly have good digestive systems.
We should always eat light food before going to bed at night.
Sour burping is a symptom of indigestion.
If a child is constantly vomiting, see a doctor immediately.
ORS solution helps maintain energy in the body during vomiting and diarrhea.
Drinking too much tea and coffee can cause acidity problems.
I'm feeling uneasy because my stomach is cramping.
Is your stomach feeling like it's burning?
Nutritious food is important for keeping the digestive system healthy.
Eating stale food increases the risk of food poisoning.
When your stomach is upset, you don't feel hungry.
Ginger and lemon are very beneficial for digestion.
Chew your food well so it digests properly.
Stress also has a negative effect on the digestive system.
The doctor has told me to stay away from oily and spicy food.
Blood in the stool can be a sign of a serious problem.
Irregular eating habits give rise to stomach ailments.
Yogurt provides coolness to the stomach and also helps in digestion.
Taking too many antibiotic medicines affects the bacteria in the stomach.
If you have unbearable stomach pain, consult a doctor.
I should teach my child to wash their hands because it helps prevent infection.
Eat light and easily digestible food during the summer season.
Drinking contaminated water increases the chance of stomach infection.
Clean your hands before going out somewhere.
Vegetables and fruits that are not washed well can cause stomach problems.
Drink plenty of water to get relief from constipation.
Consume cumin seeds to get rid of bloating and gas problems.
Small kids have weak digestive systems, so they need special care.
If your kid has diarrhea for more than two days, go see a doctor right away.
Constipation is a common problem in pregnant women.
We shouldn't eat too much at night because it puts a strain on the digestive system.
It's important to exercise regularly to keep your stomach healthy.
You can drink mint tea to reduce acidity.
When your stomach is upset, your body feels weak.
Eating too much sugary food slows down digestion.
Why is your stomach hurting continuously?
Eating yogurt and rice is good when you have indigestion.
Stomach ulcers can be a serious problem that needs treatment.
People who eat too fast have more indigestion problems.
Reducing stress helps to keep the digestive system good.
My stomach feels like it's cramping and I also feel nauseous.
Contaminated water can cause diseases like cholera, which can be life-threatening.
Stay away from oily and spicy food if you have acidity problems.
Bananas and yogurt are very helpful for diarrhea because they soothe the stomach.
This medicine helps to improve digestion.
If your stomach has been continuously upset for a few days, you should definitely see a doctor.
Drinking hot water with lemon and honey activates the digestive system.
You should be aware of stomach problems in children younger than two years.
Keep eating fruits and vegetables with fiber to keep your stomach clean.
When I have to travel, I eat light food so my stomach doesn't get upset.
This isn't normal stomach pain, it could be serious.
Too much caffeine and alcohol can affect the digestive system.
If you have indigestion, drinking ORS solution keeps the body hydrated.
Some people get gas in their stomach from drinking milk.
Sleeping immediately after eating slows down digestion.
If children have worms in their stomach, they feel less hungry.
Those who eat too much sweet food may have digestive problems.
If you experience heartburn, consult a doctor.
Drink water regularly to speed up digestion.
This herb soothes the stomach and improves digestion.
If there is blood in the stool, it is a sign that immediate treatment is needed.
The doctor told me I need to change my diet.
Eating too much spicy food can increase acidity problems.
Pay special attention to cleanliness in summer so your stomach doesn't get upset.
His stomach is hurting because he ate stale food.
Constipation can cause toxins to build up in the body.
Light porridge is good for someone who has stomach problems.
Vomiting and diarrhea can both happen because of a bacterial infection in the stomach.
Getting enough sleep is also important to keep your digestive system healthy.
If kids get vomiting and diarrhea, protect them from dehydration.
I hope your stomach problem gets better soon.
What happened to you?
I have a really bad headache.
If you have body aches, it's good to take a hot shower.
He's been having a lot of fever these days.
Cough and cold are common problems this season.
I have both a sore throat and chest pain.
The doctor said it's a symptom of a viral infection.
Are you also feeling weakness in your body?
It's important to take medicine immediately if you have a stomach ache.
He was having a throbbing headache.
If the fever goes above 102 degrees, be careful.
It's very difficult when kids get a cold.
I can't sleep because of a dry cough.
Since when have you started having body aches?
A cough that lasts for many days can also be a symptom of TB.
Did you take medicine?
I had a cold, that's why I got a fever.
He's having trouble breathing because his chest hurts.
Joint pain is a common problem in old age.
If your nose is running, use a handkerchief.
My body hurts so much that I can't even get up.
When you have a fever, your body gets hot.
He coughed all night, which made it hard for him to sleep well.
Right now, a lot of sneezing and coughing colds are spreading.
If you have stomach pain from gas, drink lemon water.
Muscle strain can also cause pain.
I'm feeling weak and also dizzy.
Toothache is very painful, especially at night.
If you have a cold, stay away from eating cold things.
He had a high fever and was shivering.
Tulsi leaves and honey are very beneficial for coughs.
A person who has allergies sneezes a lot.
My back hurts really bad.
Is this pain from an injury or some kind of illness?
Along with the fever, my body is also aching.
If you have a wet cough, it's good to take steam.
When you get a cold, your nose gets blocked and it's hard to breathe.
I had a really bad fever last night because I got wet in the rain.
She had so much stomach pain that she had to be taken to the doctor.
Massage with warm oil for muscle pain.
Did you take any medicine for the headache?
If children have a fever, put a compress on their forehead.
He is so bothered by the cough that he can't even speak.
Pay attention to cleanliness to avoid catching a cold.
I am feeling weakness and laziness all over my body.
If you have a lot of body pain, consult a doctor.
Along with the fever, I'm also having stomach cramps.
His throat is dry because of the dry cough.
People who smoke get coughs a lot.
It's good to drink hot soup when you have a cold.
I feel like needles are pricking my body.
Did this pain come on suddenly or gradually?
A high fever increases the body temperature.
Viruses spread through coughs and sneezes, so take precautions.
When you have a cold, your nose runs.
It's hard for me to even sit because of back pain.
Her chest hurts so much that she even has difficulty coughing.
If you keep getting fever again and again, get it checked.
Drinking hot tea provides a lot of relief when you have a cold.
My throat hurts and it's getting hard to swallow anything.
He suddenly got a really bad stomach ache and had to be taken to the hospital.
If you have a lot of weakness in your body, eat nutritious food.
You shouldn't be dehydrated when you have a fever.
Did you take any medicine for the cough or not?
His voice is very hoarse because of the cold.
My right joint hurts constantly.
Does it get worse when you press on the painful spot?
If children have a fever, give them plenty of water.
If you cough a lot, your chest can also hurt.
To avoid a cold, use a mask when going into crowds.
I'm so weak that I can't even stand.
His fever increases at night and decreases during the day.
Along with the cough, he also has phlegm, which is green.
If you have a cold, keep washing your hands with soap.
My muscles are both cramping and twitching.
If you have muscle cramps, get a massage.
It's normal to have body aches when you have a high fever.
He has such a bad cold that his nose is blocked.
Avoid drinking cold water to prevent coughs.
I'm feeling tired and achy these days for no reason.
I have a high fever, so I should see a doctor.
He went to the hospital because his stomach was hurting a lot.
The nurses in the hospital are very good and serve the patients honestly.
The doctor's clinic was very crowded.
You should clearly explain your symptoms to the doctor.
If you suspect any serious illness, see a specialist immediately.
The nurse sister gave me an injection and told me to stay calm.
The doctor checked me and prescribed some medicine.
I got the medicine prescribed by the doctor from the pharmacy.
He had a headache, so he took the doctor's advice.
If you have a lot of cough and cold, you must see a doctor.
The patient's temperature is checked regularly by the nurse.
My friend is still undergoing treatment in the hospital.
The doctor said to rest and eat well.
This hospital is the biggest hospital in the city.
That day I had to make a doctor's appointment.
When you go to the doctor, take your old medical report with you.
Nurses' behavior is very sympathetic towards patients.
I benefited a lot from the doctor's consultation.
I had to see a doctor because of a stomach ache.
Because he was feeling weak, he went to the hospital to get a blood test.
All the patients in the hospital ward were resting quietly.
The doctor told me that my health is normal now.
If you take the medicine on time, you won't have to stay in the hospital for many days.
The nurses were cleaning the patients' wounds.
I was waiting for my turn in the hospital waiting room.
The doctor said that there is no need for an operation, as the medicine will cure it.
If you have any allergies, tell the doctor beforehand.
The medicine was being given to the patient by the nurse.
My mother was satisfied with the doctor's check-up.
Because I had a cough for many days, I went to the doctor.
24-hour emergency service is available in the hospital.
The doctor advised me to do some exercise.
If you experience any kind of discomfort, tell the nurse immediately.
He had an injury on his hand, so he went to the emergency department.
A woman helped me at the hospital reception.
The doctor advised me not to meet anyone because the disease was contagious.
Nurses work as assistants to the doctor.
I had to be admitted to the hospital because my health had deteriorated a lot.
The patient who takes medicine regularly recovers quickly.
The doctor's fees were very expensive, but the treatment was good.
That child was very scared because he was being injected.
The hospital staff do their work honestly.
After looking at my report, the doctor smiled.
If you are feeling dizzy, don't stand for too long.
The nurse checked my blood pressure and wrote it down.
The doctor said that you need proper rest.
How many types of doctors are there in a hospital?
I am not afraid of the doctor because he helps me.
People who have insurance have lower hospital costs.
I have complete faith in that doctor.
I saw the nurse taking the patient in a wheelchair.
The doctor explained the operation procedure to me.
Because he was having difficulty breathing, he immediately went to the hospital.
Modern equipment is available in the hospital.
If you want to see a particular doctor, make an appointment in advance.
The nurse's smile gave me a lot of courage.
The doctor asked about my past medical history.
Even though she was in pain, she didn't lose hope.
We should maintain a peaceful environment in the hospital.
The nurse told me the right time to take the medicine.
I had to stay in the doctor's waiting room for a long time.
If you are allergic to any medicine, tell the doctor immediately.
The doctor told him to get regular check-ups.
The hospital security guards were very alert.
The medicines the doctor prescribed can also have side effects.
The nurses who work the night shift are very hardworking.
I was very scared when I was admitted to the hospital.
Following the doctor's advice is very important for good health.
Because he had a stomach ulcer, he went to see the doctor.
Hospital food is nutritious, but not tasty.
The doctor advised me to get some tests done.
If you need treatment for a serious illness, go to a big hospital.
Nurses take care of patients like their own family members.
The doctor told me not to worry, you will recover soon.
My friend's operation was successful and he is now recovering in the hospital.
The hospital has specialist doctors for many diseases.
When I went to the doctor for the first time, I was very scared.
I got a new life because of the doctor's advice, because he diagnosed the disease at the right time.
This medicine is very beneficial for me.
The doctor told me to take this medicine twice a day.
You should take this medicine after eating.
The disease won't be cured if you don't take medicine on time.
Did you take your medicine on time?
Don't take the medicine that you are allergic to.
Keep this medicine away from children.
If you have any big problem, contact the doctor immediately.
This pill is very effective for stomach ache.
What is the dosage of this medicine?
You shouldn't take any new medicine without a doctor's advice.
The child's cough is reduced by drinking the syrup.
Swallow this capsule with water.
Some medicines have to be taken before eating.
Why did you delay taking your medicine?
If you forget to take your medicine, take the next dose on time.
Does this medicine have any side effects?
He was given medicine for fever.
This medicine makes me sleepy.
If the medicine bottle is opened, close it properly and keep it.
Taking more medicine than the dose can be harmful.
Complete the full course of this medicine, even if you feel better.
The doctor has written everything clearly on the prescription.
This injection will be given to you in the hospital.
Analgesic medicine reduces pain.
Antibiotic medicine is for infection.
If you forget to take medicine, set an alarm.
The dosage of medicine for children is different than for adults.
Be sure to check the expiry date of the medicine.
Do not take expired medicine.
I have to take this medicine for two weeks.
He rested for a while after taking the medicine.
It takes some time for the medicine to take effect.
Why are you afraid to take this medicine?
If you have any doubts, ask the pharmacist.
This medicine should be taken with water, not with milk.
The doctor prescribed a new medicine for my daughter.
This medicine is too big, it's hard to swallow.
Keep the medicine closed in a place without sunlight.
It's good to wash your hands before taking medicine.
Did this medicine that you took, did it make you feel better?
I bought new medicine from the pharmacy.
Don't reduce the dosage of the medicine yourself.
Don't stop taking the medicine without the doctor's advice.
You have to take this medicine three times a day.
I need this medicine because I am sick.
If you have any illness, inform the doctor.
Children's medicine always comes with a measuring spoon.
This medicine is upsetting my stomach.
Taking the correct dose of medicine heals the disease quickly.
I shouldn't fill the medicine bottle with water.
Are you supposed to take this medicine on an empty stomach?
This medicine tastes very bitter.
You should eat something after taking the medicine.
If you think the medicine is too expensive, ask about generic medicine.
How long does the effect of this medicine last?
My son is refusing to take medicine.
He's very strict about taking his medicine regularly.
Talk to the doctor before changing the dosage.
This medicine is specially made for cough and cold.
If you miss a dose of your medicine, don't take a double dose.
The batch number and manufacturing date are also written on the medicine box.
Do you feel relaxed after taking the medicine?
Be sure to read the warnings on the label before taking this medicine.
I have a habit of drinking water before taking medicine.
The doctor told me to take an antacid along with the painkiller.
This medicine is blue in color.
Taking medicine according to the dosage doesn't affect the body much.
If you are allergic to any medicine, inform the doctor immediately.
This medicine tablet is very small.
Don't lose the medicine prescription, because it's necessary.
I didn't find this medicine at the pharmacy.
He is careless about taking medicine on time.
The side effects of medicine are different for everyone.
If the medicine tastes bad, give it to the child with juice.
You will only get this medicine with a doctor's prescription.
After taking medicine, if that medicine makes you sleepy, you shouldn't drive.
Don't break the medicine tablet to eat unless the doctor tells you to.
I completed the medicine dose and now I am perfectly fine.
Good food is necessary to stay healthy.
We should eat a balanced diet.
Eat lots of fruits and vegetables.
You should drink enough water every day.
Green vegetables are very beneficial for the body.
Lentils are a good source of protein.
Rice and roti give energy.
Milk is good for strong bones.
Yogurt keeps the stomach cool.
Ghee provides energy to the body.
Food cooked with less oil is good for health.
You should avoid eating too much sugar.
It is good to eat salt in small amounts.
Fast food is harmful to health.
Home-cooked food is the best.
You shouldn't eat until you are full.
Eat food on time.
Vitamins are very important for the body.
Carbohydrates are the main source of energy.
Fiber helps with digestion.
Obesity is caused by bad eating habits.
Good food increases the power to fight diseases.
Nutritious food is very important to get rid of weakness.
His diet is very bad.
What is your favorite fruit?
You must wash your hands before eating.
You shouldn't eat stale food.
Chew your food well.
It's good to have many kinds of things in your food.
You shouldn't drink water immediately after eating.
People who eat good food stay healthier.
Because a balanced diet is very important for you to have good health.
If you don't eat fruits every day, your body may lack vitamins.
We should drink as much water as we feel thirsty.
Vegetables that are green in color have a lot of nutrients.
Lentils have protein, and that is necessary for muscle development.
Because rice and bread have carbohydrates, they give us energy so we can work.
When you drink milk, your bones become strong.
Yogurt helps with stomach problems, because it has good bacteria.
If you eat too much ghee, you might gain weight, but a little bit is good.
Food that's cooked with less oil reduces the risk of heart disease.
Eating too much sugar increases the risk of diabetes, so you should avoid it.
Because too much salt raises blood pressure, so eat less of it.
Eating fast food can cause gas problems in your stomach, because it's hard to digest.
If you eat homemade food, you get more nutrients.
We shouldn't eat until we're full, because that causes indigestion.
You should develop a habit of eating on time, so your digestive system stays good.
It's important to eat different fruits and vegetables for different kinds of vitamins.
Carbohydrates give the body instant energy, but eating too much can cause weight gain.
Fiber-rich foods prevent constipation, which keeps your stomach clean.
People who are very fat should eat more fruits and vegetables.
Good food keeps not just the body, but also the mind healthy.
If you feel weak, increase the amount of protein in your diet.
He gets sick a lot because of his diet, because he doesn't eat nutritious food.
What's your favorite fruit and why do you like it?
It's important to wash your hands before eating, so germs don't go into your stomach.
Because bacteria grows in stale food, you shouldn't eat it.
If you chew your food well, it digests easily.
It's good to include different colored fruits and vegetables in your food, because they provide different nutrients.
Drinking water immediately after eating slows down digestion, so it's good to leave a little gap.
Drinking a glass of lukewarm water every morning keeps your stomach clean.
In the summer season, you should eat a lot of watery fruits like watermelon and cucumber.
Drinking hot soup in winter gives energy to the body.
How many calories you should take in your diet depends on your age and work.
If you are a vegetarian, then soybean and paneer are good protein options.
Meat and fish have a high amount of protein, which is good for non-vegetarians.
Excessive alcohol consumption damages the liver, so you should stay away from it.
Drinking too much coffee and tea can cause sleep problems.
Fruit juice has natural sugar, but you should avoid bottled juice because it has artificial sugar.
If you are fasting, you should eat light and easily digestible food.
Milk contains calcium, which is essential for the bone development of children.
Children should be kept away from fast food, because it is not good for their health.
Pregnant women should pay special attention to a nutritious diet so that the baby stays healthy.
If you are diabetic, reduce your intake of sugar and potatoes.
It is good to eat salad with food for good digestion.
How many times a day do you eat?
What is the right time to eat food?
You should drink lemon water to detox your body.
People who exercise regularly, they need a lot of energy.
We should focus on the quality of our food, not just the quantity.
Regular exercise is very important for health.
Walking every day keeps the heart healthy and controls blood pressure.
If you want to stay healthy, make exercise a part of your routine.
Yoga calms both the body and mind because it reduces stress.
Running strengthens our muscles and increases stamina.
Children should be allowed to play outside, because it is good for their physical and mental development.
Waking up early in the morning and walking makes the mind happy and feels energetic throughout the day.
Exercise increases the body's immunity, which protects us from diseases.
If you want to lose weight, exercise regularly along with a balanced diet.
Sitting in one place for a long time is harmful to health, so get up and walk around from time to time.
Sports increase our concentration and also sharpen decision-making skills.
It is important to do light exercise even in old age, which reduces joint pain.
When we exercise, we get a lot of energy because blood circulation in the body becomes faster.
Walking for half an hour every day keeps blood pressure under control and also reduces the risk of diabetes.
Physical activity is the best way to reduce stress, which also keeps mental health good.
Because a sedentary lifestyle is the root of many diseases, we should always try to stay active.
You should definitely ask a doctor before starting any new exercise, especially if you have any illness.
People who exercise regularly stay healthy and fit for a long time.
Exercise increases body flexibility, which reduces the chance of getting injured.
Walking in the evening helps you sleep better because it relaxes the body.
How often and for how long do you exercise?
Our body needs to walk for at least 15-20 minutes every day, because it's also beneficial.
Cycling is also a good physical exercise, which makes the legs stronger.
People who stay active have less bone and joint pain, and the risk of osteoporosis also decreases.
If you don't have time, take small breaks during the day and do stretching or use the stairs.
Exercising reduces obesity and prevents fat from accumulating in the body.
Swimming is a great exercise for the whole body because it makes all the muscles work.
Pregnant women are advised to do light exercise, but be sure to consult a doctor.
A healthy mind resides in a healthy body, so we all should pay attention to our physical health.
If you are starting to exercise, gradually increase your speed and intensity so that the body gets used to it.
When you like to exercise, morning or evening, it depends on your choice.
For people who sit and work all day, it is important to get up and walk around for a while every hour.
We all should encourage our children to adopt an active lifestyle from when they are young.
You don't need to go to the gym to exercise, because you can also do it at home.
At home too, you can do many types of exercises like jumping jacks, squats and push-ups.
Zumba and aerobics are also energetic exercises, which helps in reducing weight.
If you have any health problems, avoid heavy exercise without consulting a doctor.
Stretching is very important to keep the body flexible, which needs to be done before and after exercise.
Sports also increase team spirit and help children learn social skills.
Exercise improves blood circulation, so that enough oxygen reaches every part of the body.
Regular physical activity reduces the risk of diabetes and heart disease because it controls the sugar level in the body.
If you exercise regularly, how many hours should you sleep, because enough rest is also important?
Drinking water is also important, so drink enough water after exercising so that the body does not get dehydrated.
Exercise that makes you sweat a lot removes toxins from the body, which also keeps the skin clean.
Our grandfather starts his day by walking early every morning because he likes walking a lot.
Exercising every day is very beneficial for both body and mind.
Walking regularly is a great way to stay healthy because it strengthens the heart.
If you want a healthy life, make exercise an important part of your routine.
Exercising makes the body stronger and increases the body's immunity to fight diseases.
Getting up and walking in the morning calms the mind and provides energy throughout the day.
Do you have a habit of exercising every day, or are you thinking of starting it?
We should all include exercise in our routine in the same way that we eat food.
Doing yoga increases physical flexibility and also reduces mental stress.
Children should be encouraged to participate in sports because their physical development is essential.
Exercising reduces the risk of heart disease, which leads to a long life.
If you exercise regularly, your body remains more active and healthy.
Weight lifting exercises are good for strengthening muscles, but it should be done under the supervision of an expert.
Running helps reduce unwanted body fat, which helps prevent obesity.
Exercising keeps energy in the body, which makes us able to work all day.
Why haven't you been exercising for so many days, even though your doctor advised you to?
It's very important to exercise without being lazy, because it improves your quality of life.
If you don't have much time, do light exercise for at least 15 minutes a day.
Exercising reduces stress and promotes good sleep, which improves mental health.
Cycling is very good for the heart and lungs, and it's also good for the environment.
Old people should also do light exercise, but they should keep their body's capacity in mind.
It is necessary to consult an expert before starting any new exercise, because you can get injured by doing it the wrong way.
Listen to your body when exercising, because putting too much pressure can be harmful.
Since when have you been in the habit of exercising regularly, and how have you maintained it?
People who don't exercise get sick more often and their bodies become weak.
Physical activity helps control blood pressure, which helps prevent heart disease.
Playing sports also increases team spirit, and it strengthens social relationships.
I walk for half an hour every evening, which helps me relieve the fatigue of the whole day.
Exercising strengthens bones and prevents bone diseases like osteoporosis.
You shouldn't start exercising without warming up, because it can cause muscle strain and injury.
Cooling down is an important part of exercise, because it helps the body return to normal.
Because those who exercise regularly live for many years and their lives remain healthy.
Don't forget to drink plenty of water while exercising, because dehydration can weaken the body.
Swimming is a great exercise for all the body's muscles, and it doesn't put too much pressure on the joints.
If you feel any pain or discomfort, stop exercising immediately and consult a doctor.
Before starting any new exercise routine, consult your doctor, especially if you have any health problems.
Staying active regularly can prevent obesity, which is the root of many diseases.
People who are not physically active feel very sluggish and lazy.
Exercise increases flexibility in the body, which helps prevent injuries.
Pregnant women should do light exercise with doctor's advice, which makes delivery easier.
You don't need any special equipment to exercise, because you can do many exercises with your own body weight.
How do you make your exercise motivating, so you don't feel like quitting?
People who exercise daily have a very positive mindset and are more satisfied in life.
Exercise reduces the risk of diabetes, especially type 2 diabetes.
Sports are very important for the physical development of children, as it makes them healthy and strong.
We should inspire our family to exercise, so that everyone can stay healthy.
It is important to wear proper clothing while exercising, which makes you comfortable.
Because people who stay physically active have good mental health and stay away from depression.
Exercise strengthens the body's immune system, which helps fight infections.
What is your favorite exercise and how long have you been doing it?
Walking or running, both are good for the heart, but should be done according to your physical ability.
If you exercise regularly, your confidence increases and you will feel more self-reliant.
A sedentary lifestyle invites many diseases, which can put life in crisis.
Those people who do physical work, they can work well and they have a lot of strength too.
Exercising improves your body posture, which also reduces back pain.
Mental health is just as important as physical health.
We should take care of our mental health.
If the mind is happy, there is joy in life.
Ignoring mental health can lead to big problems.
If your mind is restless, tell someone you trust.
Sometimes the mind gets sad, that's normal.
Taking care of yourself is very important for staying mentally healthy.
People who are mentally healthy can do a lot of work.
Mental health should be openly discussed in society.
Mental illness is not something to be ashamed of, it's a health problem.
If you're not feeling good, don't be ashamed to ask for help.
Expressing your feelings reduces mental stress.
Thinking positively is beneficial for mental health.
Yoga and meditation give peace to the mind.
Spending some time with nature calms the mind.
Stress has become a common problem in today's life.
Stress has a negative impact on both the body and mind.
Too much stress can cause high blood pressure and heart disease.
Having tension at work is a very normal thing for working people.
Recognizing tension is the first step to controlling it.
If you are constantly under tension, consult a specialist.
Doing regular exercise is very good for reducing tension.
Knowing your limits and being able to say 'no' is also a way to reduce tension.
Worrying about small things slowly increases tension.
Not getting enough rest can also be a cause of tension.
Managing time well can reduce tension to a great extent.
Long, deep breathing exercises calm tension immediately.
Spending time with friends and family reduces tension.
Some people eat a lot when they are tense, which is not good for health.
To avoid tension, keep your interests alive.
Good sleep is the foundation of a healthy life.
Enough sleep is very important for recharging the brain.
If you don't sleep well, you feel lazy throughout the day.
Children need more sleep than adults.
Sleeping at a regular time at night helps you sleep better.
Using mobile phones before sleeping interferes with sleep.
A quiet and dark room is very important for good sleep.
Consuming caffeine and alcohol worsens the quality of sleep.
If you have problem sleeping, then take advice from a doctor.
If you don't sleep well, it affects your concentration and memory.
Short naps during the day can affect your sleep at night.
Drinking warm milk helps some people sleep well.
Exercising regularly helps with good sleep, but not at bedtime.
Staying awake for too long messes up the body's biological clock.
Eating heavy food at bedtime is not good for sleep.
Taking care of your mental health is as important as physical health, because it affects overall well-being.
Suppressing your feelings increases the burden in your mind, which leads to stress.
When you are stressed, your body gives a 'fight or flight' response.
Meditation and yoga practice brings mental peace, and reduces stress.
Sleeping well improves your mood and makes you feel energetic throughout the day.
If you have continuous sleep problems, it could be a sign of a serious illness.
For mental health, it is important to stay connected with people around you.
Sometimes we have to understand that everything is not in our control.
To avoid stress, set your priorities.
When your mind is calm, then you can solve any problem well.
People suffering from insomnia should avoid sleeping during the day.
For good sleep, exercise a few hours before bed, but not at bedtime.
If you wake up at night, get up and do something calm, then go back to sleep.
Having regularity in your routine is beneficial for mental health.
Because of tension, you might feel less or more hungry.
Some people reduce tension by listening to music, which is a good way.
If you are aware of your mental health, you can live a good life.
Seeing a therapist isn't a sign of weakness, but rather a sign of intelligence.
Too much social media use can increase mental stress, so limit it.
Understanding your body's signals is important for mental and physical health.
People who worry a lot often have trouble sleeping.
Sleeping well at night keeps your mood good throughout the day.
It's important to be patient and stay positive in stressful situations.
Doing something you like gives happiness and peace to the mind.
If you worry a lot about something, writing it down can be a good way.
A balanced diet is also very important for mental health.
People who exercise regularly have less stress.
Take a relaxing bath before sleeping for a good sleep.
We all should respect each other's mental health.
When you're stressed, talk to your loved ones because they can support you.
People suffering from insomnia have a disorganized daily routine.
Even making small changes in your daily life provides mental peace.
If you constantly feel tired, it could be due to not enough sleep.
Raising awareness about mental health can bring a lot of positive change in society.
By managing stress properly and sleeping well, you can live a healthy and happy life.
Pregnancy is an important phase in a woman's life, which needs special preparation.
It's important to pay attention to early symptoms, as it could be a sign of pregnancy.
You should contact a doctor immediately after getting pregnant.
Regular check-ups are necessary for both the baby and the mother.
Eating healthy food helps the baby develop well.
Taking folic acid is very important in the early stages of pregnancy.
Getting enough rest is very important for pregnant women.
Light exercise like walking keeps the body active.
Smoking and drinking alcohol can seriously affect the developing baby.
Pregnant women should try to avoid stress, as it can have a bad effect on the baby.
Back pain is a common problem as the belly gets bigger.
You should only take medicine after consulting a doctor.
Eat iron-rich foods to avoid anemia.
Feeling the baby move for the first time is an amazing experience.
Preparation for childbirth should be done in advance.
Regular check-ups are very important for pregnant women.
Pregnant women should eat nutritious food.
It's always good to follow the doctor's advice.
Take iron pills regularly, so you don't get anemia.
Folic acid is important for the baby's brain and spinal cord development.
Rest enough during pregnancy, because the body needs energy.
Light exercise is good for health and makes childbirth easier.
Stay completely away from cigarettes and alcohol, because it's harmful to the baby.
Try to reduce mental stress, because it affects the baby.
Hearing the baby's heartbeat makes the mother very happy.
Labor is very difficult, but it's important to be patient.
Mother's milk is best for the newborn and it increases their immunity.
Newborns need special care, because their body is weak.
Family support is mentally essential for pregnant women.
Nausea and discomfort during pregnancy are normal, so consult a doctor.
Monitoring blood pressure is important to avoid high blood pressure.
Ask your doctor all your doubts, because clarity gives mental peace.
Childbirth is an amazing and life-changing experience.
After giving birth, the mother needs complete rest so her body can recover.
If you are pregnant, contact a doctor immediately to get the right advice.
Because a healthy mother gives birth to a healthy baby, pay special attention to your health.
Women who get their check-ups on time have fewer problems giving birth.
If you see any serious symptoms during pregnancy, go to the hospital right away.
Doctors prescribe medicines that are safe for both mother and baby.
For the baby's good development, the mother should eat food with protein and calcium.
Because there are many changes in the body during pregnancy, the mother needs special care.
When labor pains start, it's important to stay calm and follow the doctor's instructions.
Pregnant women who exercise lightly regularly have easier deliveries.
The doctor tells you to follow the advice that's good for your and your baby's health.
Because the amount of blood in the body increases during pregnancy, it's necessary to drink enough water.
If you have any worries about childbirth, talk to your doctor openly.
Babies who are breastfed have stronger immunity and get sick less often.
After childbirth, taking care of the mother's mental health is as important as physical health.
Because the body is weak during pregnancy, you should avoid doing heavy work.
When a baby is born, the whole family is happy and everyone celebrates.
Women who don't use contraception are more likely to get pregnant.
Doctors check the baby's development through ultrasound, so everything is okay and any problems can be identified in time.
If you have diabetes during pregnancy, reduce your sugar intake and check your blood sugar regularly.
Because the baby's health depends on the mother's health, the mother should take full care of herself.
Pregnancy is a divine and sacred experience.
Newborn babies should be vaccinated regularly so they are protected from serious diseases.
Don't take any medicine without a doctor's advice, because it can be harmful to the baby.
It's better not to travel far when you're pregnant.
You should prepare for delivery beforehand so there are no problems at the last minute.
It's safer to give birth in a hospital because you can get help from specialists there.
After the baby is born, family support is very important.
Getting enough sleep keeps your body healthy and gives you energy.
Many people have back pain during pregnancy, so applying warm water can help.
Nutritious food is very important for the healthy development of both mother and baby.
Iron deficiency can cause anemia, so eat foods that contain iron.
Calcium is needed for the baby's bone development and also strengthens the mother's bones.
Pregnancy symptoms are different for every woman, so pay attention to your body.
Only breastfeed the baby for the first six months, because it is the best food for them.
Breast milk is like nectar for the baby and it increases their immunity.
The baby in the womb should be protected from external injuries, so walk carefully.
You may feel sad after delivery, so talk to others about what's on your mind.
Prepare mentally to endure the pain of delivery, because it is an important moment in life.
Doing yoga during pregnancy is very beneficial because it keeps the body and mind calm.
A baby crying can be a sign of hunger, so feed them milk.
When a woman is pregnant, she needs special attention because her body is nourishing two lives.
If you have severe abdominal pain, it could be a sign of a miscarriage, so see a doctor immediately.
Doctors who regularly examine pregnant women can detect potential problems in time.
With C-section delivery, you might have to stay in the hospital a bit longer, so it's good to prepare ahead.
If you feel sad after giving birth, talk to your family and doctor, because it's normal and it gets better.
What you eat during pregnancy directly affects the baby's development, so eating a balanced diet is very important.
When you're pregnant, hormone changes can cause mood swings.
Mothers who breastfeed need a little more energy so they can produce enough milk for the baby.
If your water breaks before the due date, it could be a sign of early labor, so go to the hospital right away.
Newborn babies are very weak, so special attention should be paid to hygiene to protect them from infection.
If you have low blood, the doctor will advise you to take iron pills because it is very important for both mother and baby.
Families that provide emotional support to the mother during pregnancy, the mother's mental health is good in that family.
If you have high blood pressure during pregnancy, the doctor will prescribe medicine that is safe for the baby, which controls blood pressure.
After the baby is born, the mother needs enough time for her body to recover, because giving birth is a big process.
When you feel the baby's first movement, the mother feels a special joy that is indescribable.
Towards the end of pregnancy, the mother should take more time to rest because of the weight gain.
Women who exercise after giving birth, their bodies return to their previous state faster.
If you are afraid of labor pains, take a prenatal class, because they give information there and it reduces fear.
Doctors advise mothers to get enough vitamin D during pregnancy because it is important for the baby's bone development.
When a baby is born, its first cry announces the arrival of a new life, which fills the atmosphere with joy.
The health of a newborn baby is very important to all of us.
It is very important to have regular check-ups to keep the baby healthy.
Vaccines protect children from many diseases.
Every child should get vaccinated on time.
Breastfeeding is a really good food for a baby's development.
If a child gets sick, you should see a doctor right away.
Fever can be a sign that the child's body is fighting a disease.
A child might get a slight fever after getting vaccinated.
A child who gets good nutrition stays very healthy.
A clean environment is very important for a child because it keeps diseases away.
The polio vaccine protects a child for life.
The measles and rubella vaccine is also very important.
Parents should keep their child's vaccination card safe.
If a child has a very high fever, you must get a doctor's advice.
Teach children to wash their hands regularly so they can avoid germs.
A baby should only be given breast milk for six months.
When a child starts eating solid foods, give them clean food.
A child's playing also keeps them physically and mentally healthy.
Diphtheria, whooping cough, and tetanus vaccines are also important.
Putting a child to sleep and waking them up on time is very important.
If a child has a persistent cough, it should be checked.
If a child has diarrhea, they must be given Oral Rehydration Solution (ORS).
After vaccination, a child's body may develop a red rash.
This is normal, no need to worry about it.
Parents who don't vaccinate their kids, they are in danger.
Balanced diet is very important for a child's health.
If the child has a cold, put warm clothes on them, but not too much.
Because of vaccination, the child is saved from serious diseases.
Checking the child's weight regularly helps to know about their development.
If the child's weight is less than it should be for their age, consult a doctor.
The government provides free vaccination services, take advantage of it.
Give the child clean water to drink, because impure water can cause illness.
Newborn babies get their first vaccine as soon as they are born.
This protects the child from diseases like Hepatitis B.
Get the child into the habit of cleaning their teeth regularly.
If the child has an upset stomach, give them salt water and yogurt.
The second dose of the vaccine should also be given on time, which is very important.
Give the child the pneumonia vaccine too, which protects against lung disease.
If the child has a high fever and convulsions, take them to the hospital immediately.
A pediatrician can give the best advice for a child's health.
Get the child's eyes and ears checked regularly too.
Lack of cleanliness increases the risk of infection for the child.
Let the child rest after getting vaccinated.
Feed them lots of fluids so they don't get dehydrated.
If the baby feels too tired after getting vaccinated, tell the doctor.
Many parents are scared to vaccinate, but it's safe for the baby.
A child who gets regular vaccinations has a strong immune system.
It's good to put the baby in the sun too, but not for too long.
Vitamin D is necessary for a baby's bone development.
If you see any strange rashes on the baby's body, definitely show it to the doctor.
Contact your nearest health center for vaccine information.
For a child, their parents' love and care is the greatest medicine.
A child who gets enough sleep stays very active and healthy.
Putting a cold compress on a baby's forehead when they have a fever gives them relief.
Stop the baby from putting their fingers in their mouth because germs can get in.
Following the vaccination schedule is everyone's duty.
The rotavirus vaccine protects the baby from diarrhea.
If the baby doesn't feel hungry, try to find out the reason.
Keeping the baby's body clean is also essential for health.
Low birth weight at the time of a newborn's birth is also a matter of concern.
In such a situation, you should contact a doctor immediately.
If the baby has difficulty breathing, it could be a serious symptom.
If the baby has a dry cough, give them a mixture of honey and warm water.
Look, don't give honey to a child younger than one year.
A happy family environment is important for a child's mental health.
A child who gets enough time from their parents is very happy.
After vaccination, there might be a little swelling on the baby's thigh.
It gets better on its own, and it's not a big deal.
But if the swelling is too much and it hurts, then you must show it to the doctor.
Get all the necessary vaccinations done before sending the child to school.
Vaccinating the child protects them from serious diseases in the future.
It's important to keep the baby's milk bottle and nipple clean because it can cause infection.
If the baby doesn't sleep well at night, then change their routine.
Go to the vaccination camp and get your child vaccinated, it's very easy.
If you see blood in the baby's stool, show it to the doctor immediately.
If your child has any allergy problems, tell the doctor beforehand.
The baby's nails should be cut from time to time because dirt collects in them.
A healthy child is the foundation of a healthy society.
Get the child's health checked regularly so that their progress can be seen.
It is everyone's responsibility to keep our children healthy and safe.
First aid is important for everyone.
If someone suddenly gets sick, first aid is very helpful.
You should keep a first aid kit at home for minor injuries.
To stop the bleeding, you should apply direct pressure to the wound.
A seriously injured person should be taken to the hospital immediately.
If a child gets burned, wash it with cold water.
If a bone is broken, stop moving that limb.
Staying calm at the accident site is the first thing to do.
Keeping the wound clean is important to avoid infection.
If a snake bites you, it's wiser to go to the doctor instead of a faith healer.
An unconscious person should be laid on their side.
If there's a lot of bleeding, call an ambulance.
If the heart stops, CPR should be given.
If you have a fever, putting a cold compress on your forehead will provide relief.
Before applying ointment to the wound, clean it with Dettol.
Have you taken first aid training?
Applying ice to the injured area reduces swelling.
If a foreign object gets in the eye, avoid rubbing it.
Keep antiseptic, bandages, and pain relievers in the first aid kit.
Before touching someone who has been electrocuted, disconnect the power.
If someone has difficulty breathing, sit them down comfortably.
In serious injuries, there is a lot of bleeding, which needs to be stopped.
The severity of a burn depends on the area of the burn.
The pain when a bone breaks can be unbearable.
If you sprain something, rest that part and keep it elevated.
Knowing first aid can save lives.
Can you stay calm in an emergency?
If someone has ingested poison, take them to the hospital immediately.
If there's a lot of bleeding, press the wound firmly with a clean cloth.
Wash minor wounds with soap and water.
Use a clean bandage to cover the wound.
If it's hard to stop the bleeding, contact a doctor.
Ensure your own safety before saving a drowning person.
If someone is in shock, keep them warm and comfort them.
It's important to understand first aid rules, because it controls the situation.
Don't apply ice directly to burnt skin.
The pain from a broken bone is extremely unbearable.
Use a clean cloth to stop the bleeding, which should be placed directly on the wound.
If the wound is deep, it might need stitches.
In an emergency, call the ambulance number 102.
Do you know what to keep in a first aid kit?
If any part of the body hurts due to an injury, don't move it unnecessarily.
Don't feed anything to an unconscious person.
If someone has a heart attack, give CPR until the ambulance arrives.
Need to be careful to protect small kids from injuries.
If an insect bites you, wash that area with soap and water.
If you have high blood pressure, get medical help immediately.
If you have first aid knowledge, you can save many lives.
Don't burst blisters on a burn.
If a bone is broken, use a bandage or splint to keep it stable.
Bleeding can cause weakness and dizziness.
If someone is drowning, be careful when trying to save them.
If dirt gets into a wound, the risk of infection increases.
Check your first aid kit regularly and replace any needed items.
Are you ready to handle an emergency situation?
If someone has a high fever, wipe them down with a cold cloth.
Don't tie off the area where a snake bit, because that blocks blood flow.
Antiseptic cream is useful for small wounds.
Doctor's advice is needed to heal a bone fracture.
It's important to stay calm and take the right steps in a bleeding situation.
If someone faints, keep their airway clear.
You can consult a doctor over the phone in an emergency.
Don't put toothpaste or oil on a burn.
Understanding first aid rules is everyone's duty.
If any foreign object enters the body, don't try to remove it yourself.
To stop bleeding, apply direct pressure to the wound with a clean cloth.
Keep the patient lying down comfortably until the ambulance arrives.
Do you teach your family about first aid?
If there's a lot of swelling and pain in the injured area, see a doctor.
First aid can prevent a serious situation from getting worse.
If there's a lot of bleeding, it's very important to take them to the hospital immediately.
If someone is in shock, reassure them and keep them warm.
After washing the wound, use soap, but don't scrub.
Do you know how to give artificial respiration?
If a bone is broken, prevent movement of that limb and seek immediate medical help.
Blood loss can cause a shortage of blood in the body.
If someone loses a lot of blood, protect them from shock.
Knowledge increases by attending first aid classes.
Staying calm in an emergency is very important, because it helps to make the right decisions.
A first aid kit is very useful for minor accidents.
Diabetes is a long-term disease.
This disease affects the body's ability to process sugar.
If you're very thirsty and urinate a lot, it could be a symptom of diabetes.
A diabetes patient needs to pay special attention to their diet.
Regular exercise helps to keep diabetes under control.
People who have diabetes should eat less sweet things.
Uncontrolled diabetes can affect the kidneys and eyes.
Does anyone in your family have diabetes?
To find out if you have diabetes, you need to get a blood test.
Insulin injections are necessary for many patients.
Obesity is also considered a major cause of diabetes.
Diabetes can also damage the nerves.
If you don't get treatment on time, serious problems can occur.
Every year, millions of people are affected by diabetes.
Adopting a healthy lifestyle is important to prevent diabetes.
You should follow the doctor's advice for diabetes.
Stress can also increase blood sugar levels.
Pregnant women are at risk of gestational diabetes.
If you have diabetes, take good care of your feet.
Living with diabetes can be difficult, but it is possible.
If you get regular checkups, diseases can be detected early.
Foods with fiber are beneficial for diabetes patients.
Type 1 diabetes is more common in children and young adults.
Type 2 diabetes is very common in adults because it's related to lifestyle.
Ask a doctor before using herbal remedies for diabetes.
High blood pressure is also called the silent killer.
Normal blood pressure is less than 120/80 mmHg.
A person who suffers from high blood pressure should eat less salt.
It is extremely important to get your blood pressure checked regularly.
If your blood pressure stays high, consult a doctor.
High blood pressure is a major risk factor for heart disease.
Stress and anxiety can increase blood pressure.
Low blood pressure can also sometimes be dangerous.
Dizziness and fainting indicate low blood pressure.
Smoking and alcohol consumption negatively affect blood pressure.
Blood pressure can be controlled by taking medication regularly.
Foods rich in potassium help lower blood pressure.
Do you check your blood pressure regularly?
People who are active have a lower risk of high blood pressure.
Being overweight also contributes to increasing blood pressure.
High blood pressure can also cause damage to the eyes and kidneys.
Low blood pressure can cause fatigue and weakness.
Proper management of blood pressure improves quality of life.
Don't stop taking blood pressure medicine without asking your doctor, okay?
Blood pressure can be monitored at home too.
Yoga and meditation help control blood pressure.
If you get enough sleep, your blood pressure stays normal.
High blood pressure increases the risk of stroke.
Blood pressure problems can run in families.
Eat less salt because it raises blood pressure.
Heart attack is a major cause of death in the world.
Chest pain is a common symptom of a heart attack.
High cholesterol increases the risk of heart disease.
Doing cardio exercises regularly keeps your heart healthy.
Smoking is a big risk for heart attacks.
People who eat healthy food have a lower risk of heart attack.
If you have sudden chest pain, contact a doctor immediately.
A heart attack is a serious condition that needs immediate treatment.
High blood pressure and diabetes also increase the risk of heart attack.
If your heartbeat is irregular, you might have arrhythmia.
Reduce your intake of saturated and trans fats because they harm the heart.
Managing stress is important for heart health.
In heart failure, the heart can't pump enough blood to the body.
To avoid heart disease, maintain a healthy weight.
Shortness of breath can also be a symptom of heart disease.
Regular checkups help detect heart disease early.
Family history can also increase the risk of heart disease.
Omega-3 fatty acids found in fish are good for the heart.
Do you do anything special for your heart health?
A heart patient should take medicine as advised by the doctor.
Too much sugar intake also increases the risk of heart disease.
People who live a sedentary lifestyle are more likely to get heart disease.
Heart valve problems can also cause serious illness.
Angiography is a test to see the arteries of the heart.
If you feel any symptoms of heart disease, don't ignore it.
Patience and regularity are needed in managing long-term illnesses.
Adopting a healthy lifestyle is the best way to avoid all these diseases.
Consulting a doctor regularly can prevent serious complications.
A balanced diet and enough rest help control all these diseases.
People who are aware of their health are less likely to get chronic diseases.
Cleanliness is the foundation of a healthy life.
We should keep our house clean.
Cleanliness helps to avoid diseases.
Bathing every day is very important for body hygiene.
Keeping the village clean is everyone's shared responsibility.
Make it a habit to throw garbage in the right place.
A clean environment keeps the mind happy.
It is important to teach children to stay clean.
Dust and dirt can cause disease.
Clean your clothes regularly.
Special attention should be paid to toilet hygiene.
Do not litter public places.
Cleanliness keeps germs away.
Dirty water spreads many diseases.
Do you keep your surroundings clean?
Staying clean is a good habit.
Dirt causes diseases like cholera and typhoid.
If the house is not clean, flies and mosquitoes will increase.
People who stay clean stay much healthier.
Lack of cleanliness causes more disease to spread.
It is very important to wash your hands before eating.
Be sure to wash your hands after using the toilet.
Clean your hands thoroughly with soap and water.
Germs go from the hand to the mouth.
You can stop infection by washing your hands.
Teach kids the habit of washing hands.
Wash your hands for at least twenty seconds.
Washing hands is the easiest way to avoid sickness.
If you can't find soap, use hand sanitizer.
Don't touch your eyes, nose, and mouth with dirty hands.
You can avoid stomach illnesses by washing your hands.
It's also good to wash your hands before cooking.
Definitely wash your hands after touching animals.
It's important to wash your hands after sneezing or spitting.
Germs are invisible, but they spread disease.
You protect your health by washing your hands regularly.
There should be hand-washing facilities in schools.
It's mandatory to wash your hands after touching an infected person.
If your hands aren't clean, they become carriers of disease.
Those who wash their hands frequently stay much safer.
Cleanliness is necessary to avoid infection.
It's good to cover your mouth when coughing or sneezing.
Keep a proper distance from infected people.
Don't eat leftover food, because it can cause infection.
Keep the sick person's things away from other people.
Infection spreads through air, water, or touch.
Clean the wound well so that it doesn't get infected.
Put a bandage on cuts and tears immediately.
Is it right to stay away from an infected person?
If you see symptoms of infection, see a doctor immediately.
Hospitals have special measures to prevent infection.
You get stomach infections from drinking dirty water.
Mosquitoes spread infections like dengue and malaria.
Strengthen your body's immunity so you can fight infection.
Never use a contaminated needle.
Food infection happens from contaminated food.
Clean anything before using it to avoid infection.
Wearing a mask is one way to avoid infection.
If the infection is severe, it can be life-threatening.
It is very important to protect newborns from infection.
Plant trees to keep your surrounding environment clean.
It is necessary to clean the kitchen regularly, because food is made there.
Special attention should be paid to cleanliness in the bathroom, because germs grow a lot there.
You can keep house surfaces clean by using disinfectant.
If you wear dirty clothes, you can get skin diseases.
Those who don't understand the importance of cleanliness get sick a lot.
Public trash cans should be emptied regularly.
Clean the toilet seat before and after using it.
Drink clean water to avoid diseases.
If you have a dog or cat, pay attention to their cleanliness too.
Keep your body's private parts clean every day.
Just like washing your hands is important, so is cleaning your teeth.
Don't share your nail clippers and toothbrush with others, because that can spread infection.
If you eat food with dirty hands, you can get worms in your stomach.
Put screens on your house windows to avoid water and dust.
Cleanliness is a habit that should be developed from childhood.
Your health is in your hands, so adopt cleanliness.
It is appropriate to wash clothes with hot water to avoid infection.
Does a dirty environment affect our society?
If everyone pays attention to cleanliness, a healthy society will be built.
Taking care of elderly people is very important.
How necessary it is to give them medicine on time.
If they don't take medicine, their health can get worse.
It's good to take care of his food every day.
Milk and fruits should be included in his diet.
When old people get sick, they should see a doctor immediately.
Check if he's getting enough sleep or not.
Many times, old people forget to take their medicine.
Help him remember his medicine for health reasons.
Encourage him to do some light exercise for physical activity.
It's good to get regular blood pressure checks.
It is essential for a diabetic patient to stay away from sweet things.
If he is worried about something, talk to him.
Arrange a comfortable chair for him.
Praise him from time to time to boost his morale.
It is not appropriate to leave your elderly alone, because they may need help at any time.
Make sure his glasses are clean.
If he has difficulty hearing, use a hearing aid.
It is important to follow the dosage the doctor said.
The dosage details should be clearly written on the medicine box.
If the medicine isn't doing anything, consult a doctor.
Old people need a lot of family love and support.
Get his regular health checkups done so that any serious disease can be detected in time.
If he has trouble walking because he's scared of falling, give him support.
You have to make sure there are no slippery places at home.
Putting grab rails in the toilet makes it safer for older people.
It's important to include enough water in his food.
Give him water from time to time to prevent dehydration.
If he has a poor appetite, make soft and easily digestible food.
Ask him to make his favorite food.
Medicines should be kept in a safe place, away from children's reach.
If the medicine shows any side effects, talk to the doctor immediately.
It is important to keep information about his previous health history.
Diabetic patients should check their blood sugar regularly.
If he can't sleep at night, let him drink warm milk.
Take care of his dental health too.
If he has a toothache, see a dentist.
Encourage older people to participate in social activities.
Family members should take time to talk to him.
Living alone can be harmful for older people.
The list of medicines should always be kept updated.
It should be clearly written which medicine is for which disease.
If you are starting any new medicine, get information from the doctor.
It's really important to protect older people from the cold.
Make sure they wear warm clothes, so they don't get cold.
Their house should have good lighting.
Spend time with them to prevent them from getting depressed.
Listen to them carefully if they want to say something.
It's not good to ignore what they say.
Make a fixed schedule for taking medicine.
Set an alarm to take medicine on time.
Remind them if they forget to take their medicine.
Check their body for any new wounds or marks.
Infection can occur if wounds are not taken care of properly.
Taking care of their feet is also important, because if there are problems with their feet, it can be difficult to walk.
Let them wear soft shoes that are comfortable.
Go with them if they go to the toilet, because they might fall.
Don't give more medicine than the doctor said.
Always check the expiry date of the medicine.
If any medicine is expired, throw it away.
Take older people outside for regular walks.
Walking in fresh air is good for their health.
If they have difficulty exercising, have them practice light yoga.
It's very important to keep her body weight under control.
If she gains too much weight, her knees might hurt.
Create a calm and relaxing environment for her.
Loud noises can disturb her sleep.
If she has any trouble peeing, talk to a doctor.
Lack of water increases the risk of urinary infection.
It's also important to take care of her personal hygiene.
Encourage her to shower every day.
If she is unable to shower, help her.
Let her read her favorite book or tell her to listen to the radio.
Staying mentally active is good for the health of older people.
If she is afraid of something, reassure her.
All family members should contribute to the care of the elderly.
It is also important to plan for the cost of medicines.
If she has any allergies, don't forget to tell the doctor.
If she doesn't take her medicine on time, her illness can become serious.
Tell the elderly to give their blessings, as it is part of our culture.
Attention should be paid to ear hygiene.
Our eyes help us see the world.
Loud noise is harmful to the ears.
Sleeping at least eight hours a day rests the eyes.
If your ear hurts, go see a doctor.
Using mobile phones continuously affects the eyes.
There's no harm in getting children's eyes checked regularly.
People who look at screens a lot might need glasses.
You shouldn't put cotton buds inside your ear because it can be harmful.
Eye exercises sharpen your vision.
If your vision is getting weak, see a doctor immediately.
Nutritious food is good for both eyes and ears.
Wear sunglasses to protect your eyes from the sun's strong rays.
Water shouldn't get into your ears, especially while bathing.
Listening to loud music can reduce your hearing ability.
If your eyes are red, wash them with cold water.
Don't put any oil in your ear without a doctor's advice.
Getting your eyes checked on time can prevent serious diseases.
You should reduce the use of earphones.
Protect your eyes from pollution, because it can cause itching.
If you feel like there's a ringing in your ear, don't ignore it.
Seeing greenery gives peace to the eyes.
People who work on the computer for a long time should use a blue light filter.
If it's hard to hear, you should take it seriously.
If dust gets in your eye, don't rub it.
Ear infections can be very serious if not treated in time.
Encourage kids to watch TV from a distance.
Some diseases can affect your eyesight.
High blood pressure can affect both your ears and eyes.
Wearing glasses keeps your vision good.
Changing your glasses prescription as the doctor says keeps your eyes healthy.
It's safer to get expert advice for cleaning inside your ear.
Reading in the dark increases eye strain.
When you swim, wear earplugs.
Diabetes can weaken your eyesight.
People who wear glasses should get regular checkups.
Ear pain bothers you a lot at night.
Washing your eyes with water frequently is a good practice.
If your ear feels numb, it could be a sign of a serious problem.
To rest your eyes, look at something far away for twenty seconds every twenty minutes.
If the eardrum is injured, it can cause hearing problems.
Eating carrots improves eyesight, that's a common belief.
Playing games on mobile for too long is not good for children's eyes.
If something gets stuck in your ear, it's important to get help from a doctor.
Smoking can increase the risk of cataracts.
Hearing can naturally decrease in old age.
An eye doctor is called an ophthalmologist.
You shouldn't put any sharp objects in children's ears.
You shouldn't look directly at the sun with your eyes during a solar eclipse, because it can permanently damage your vision.
Ear infections can also cause fever.
If your eyes are irritated, avoid rubbing them.
Sneezing forcefully can put pressure on your eardrum.
Regular exercise keeps your eyes healthy along with your body.
Wearing a helmet is important for your ears when riding a motorcycle.
Eat green vegetables and fruits to give your eyes enough nutrients.
People who swim should take precautions to avoid ear infections.
Too much use of darkness can weaken the eyes.
Use glasses to protect your eyes from dust particles.
If too much dirt builds up in your ear, it can interfere with hearing.
Vitamin A is very important for good vision.
If your eyes are frequently dry, use artificial tears.
Hearing aids are a blessing for people with hearing problems.
Use warm water to soothe your eye muscles.
Too much stress also has bad effects on the eyes.
Kids who are too busy on their phones, their eyesight can be affected badly.
Pain behind the ear can be a symptom of infection.
If your eye hurts, don't take any medicine without consulting a doctor.
Opening your eyes underwater increases the risk of infection.
If your ear itches, don't scratch it forcefully.
Cataracts can be treated with surgery.
The structure inside the ear is very delicate.
Constant ear pain is a sign of a serious problem.
Wash your eyes regularly to keep them clean.
The inner part of the ear can hurt from swelling.
If you have a family history of eye disease, you should be very careful.
Getting enough sleep is the best way to keep your eyes healthy.
If any kind of chemical gets in your eyes, wash it with water immediately and see a doctor.
People working in industrial areas should use earplugs to protect their ears.
Healthy eyes and ears are very important to enjoy life.
It is very important to keep your skin clean.
Use sunscreen to protect yourself from the sun.
Dry skin is more likely to itch.
Allergies cause red rashes on the body.
It's very important to know what you're allergic to.
Dust causes allergies for so many people.
Kids' skin is very soft.
Neem leaves are beneficial for itching.
If you use too much soap, your skin gets dry.
If your skin itches a lot, consult a doctor.
He's allergic to milk, that's why he doesn't drink it.
Sometimes it's hard to breathe because of allergies.
Drink lots of water to keep your skin moisturized.
Eczema is a skin disease that causes itching and redness.
You should wash new clothes before wearing them.
Even mosquito bites cause itching and red spots.
If you're allergic to a specific food, avoid it.
Antihistamine medicine is used for allergies.
You need to take extra care of your skin in the summer.
Oily skin gets a lot of pimples.
I'm allergic to pollen, which increases in the spring.
Eat nutritious food for skin health.
You can apply calamine lotion for treating itching.
Some people are allergic to medicine too.
If the allergy symptoms get serious, go to the hospital right away.
Lack of water in the body causes dry skin.
Insect bites can also cause itching and swelling on the skin.
I'm allergic to the cold, so I want to live in a warm place.
Use special cream for diaper rash in babies.
Keep your house clean to avoid allergies.
Stress can also worsen skin problems.
If you are constantly itching, see a dermatologist.
If there are too many chemicals in the soap, it can dry out the skin.
Some people are allergic to wool, so they don't wear woolen clothes.
Don't ignore any kind of rash that appears on the skin.
Allergic reactions are different in different people.
If you are allergic to any new product, stop using it.
You shouldn't scratch the itchy area too much, because it can cause infection.
Protect your skin from the harmful rays of the sun.
Symptoms of allergy include hives on the body.
Don't apply any medicine on children's skin without a doctor's advice.
You shouldn't bathe too much with hot water, because it reduces the skin's moisture.
I'm allergic to metal, so I don't wear jewelry.
Staying in the water for too long makes the skin wrinkle.
To find out allergies, you can do an allergy test.
Vitamin C and Vitamin E are very important for healthy skin.
Sometimes itching can also be a symptom of an internal disease.
It is important to keep any wound on the skin clean.
Allergies can cause itchy and watery eyes.
Some people are even allergic to cosmetics.
Pollution also affects the quality of the skin.
If your skin is sensitive, use mild soap.
In severe cases of allergy, anaphylaxis can occur, which is dangerous.
You can apply aloe vera gel to reduce itching.
Due to lack of moisture in the skin, stretch marks start to appear.
Skin gets dry in winter, so use moisturizer.
Pay attention to your diet to avoid allergies.
Applying ice on the itchy area after an insect bite provides relief.
Maintain cleanliness to avoid skin infections.
If you have itching along with fever, it could be a sign of an infection.
Some people are allergic to cat hair.
You can adopt natural remedies to remove blemishes.
Allergies can also cause a runny nose and sneezing.
Make children wear rash guards when playing in the sun.
If you have itching along with redness, it could be a serious problem.
Anti-allergic medicines should only be taken with doctor's advice.
Check your skin regularly to avoid skin cancer.
Eat only a small amount of any new food before eating more, if you suspect you might be allergic.
Itching can sometimes also be caused by stress and anxiety.
If your face is swollen due to an allergy, see a doctor immediately.
Use face wash regularly to keep skin pores clean.
I am allergic to penicillin, so I don't take this medicine.
Wash the itchy area with cold water instead of hot water.
If your skin is very oily, use a mild cleanser.
Allergies can cause itchy rashes on the body, which are very painful.
Getting enough sleep is very important for healthy skin.
It is necessary to know the side effects of any allergy medicine before taking it.
If someone is having a severe allergic reaction, they may need an EpiPen.
I have an itchy body due to allergies, which bothers me a lot at night.
The digestive process is very important for the body.
The body becomes weak due to stomach upset.
If you have diarrhea, you should drink plenty of water.
Consult a doctor immediately in case of vomiting and diarrhea.
Staying away from outside food is good for digestion.
Eat food with fiber to avoid constipation.
If your stomach hurts, you can drink warm water.
Kids often get upset stomachs.
Many people have indigestion problems.
Eating too much oily and spicy food can mess up your digestion.
Chewing food well helps with digestion.
Staying hungry can cause gas problems.
Drinking eight glasses of water every day is good for digestion.
Go to the hospital if the diarrhea doesn't stop.
You feel weak after vomiting.
If you have a burning sensation in your stomach, it could be acidity.
Yogurt and buttermilk are considered best for digestion.
If you have food poisoning, your stomach will hurt a lot.
Eating stale food is bad for digestion.
Stress also affects the digestive system.
Regular exercise keeps your digestion working well.
If children have diarrhea, it's important to give them ORS solution.
If you feel bloated, it could be a gas problem.
Don't take any medicine without asking a doctor.
If your stomach hurts constantly, it could be a serious problem.
Eating undercooked meat can cause worms in your stomach.
Good digestion is the foundation of good health.
Sleeping right after eating is not good for digestion.
If a child has both vomiting and diarrhea, that's a cause for concern.
All these symptoms are of food poisoning because you ate stale food.
Your stomach isn't clearing because you don't eat fiber.
Eat on time to keep your digestion good.
Gut health is connected to the health of the whole body.
If you have frequent stomach pain, definitely see a doctor.
You don't feel hungry because of indigestion.
Eating yogurt and rice can provide relief from diarrhea.
Drinking too much tea and coffee can cause acidity.
Drinking warm water mixed with lemon and honey helps with digestion.
If a child has diarrhea along with a fever, take them to the hospital immediately.
Using asafoetida is beneficial if you have gas in your stomach.
Eat plenty of salads and fruits to get rid of constipation.
Eating too much sugary food can also worsen digestion.
Digestion is easier when you chew food slowly.
If your stomach is cramping, it could be a sign of diarrhea.
Vomiting and diarrhea cause dehydration in the body.
Your digestive system is working well because you eat a balanced diet.
There can be many reasons for stomach ache, so go see a doctor.
If there's a worm problem in the stomach, it's necessary to take deworming medicine.
Drinking stale and dirty water can cause stomach infections.
Eat foods with probiotics to keep your digestion strong.
It's appropriate to eat light food after having a bad stomach.
If there is blood in the vomit, it is a serious sign.
Intestinal infections cause a lot of stomach pain and diarrhea.
Heartburn can also occur due to indigestion.
Walking after eating is good for digestion.
Eating too much fiber suddenly can cause gas.
If you have been constipated for a long time, get it treated.
If you have a gas problem, consume carom seeds (ajwain).
If your stomach is upset, you feel lazy all day.
Small children should not be given outside food because they get sick quickly.
Getting enough sleep is also necessary to keep the digestive system healthy.
If you have frequent acidity in your stomach, pay attention to your diet.
Stay away from sugary drinks that worsen digestion.
Inflammation of the intestines can also be a cause of stomach pain.
You can have stomach problems from food allergies too.
Ginger and mint tea can help when your stomach hurts.
If you don't eat something before taking medicine, your stomach might get upset.
Eating stale and cold food weakens the digestive system.
Eat fruits and vegetables every day to avoid constipation.
If your stomach is constantly rumbling, it could be a sign of gas.
Drinking lemon water helps with vomiting.
Drinking too much water after eating can slow down digestion.
If you're feeling heaviness in your stomach, eat light food.
Stomach problems shouldn't be ignored because they can be serious.
A healthy digestive system gives energy to the body.
If a certain food upsets your stomach, avoid it.
Drink detox drinks to keep your digestive system clean.
You feel discomfort in your stomach if you have constipation.
If you have both vomiting and diarrhea, contact a doctor immediately because there is a risk of dehydration.
My body is aching a lot.
What happened to you, why does your face look pale?
I have a high fever, maybe I caught a cold.
The child couldn't sleep at night because of the cough.
He has a cold and a runny nose.
Do you have a headache?
If your body aches, take a hot shower.
My whole body is aching, especially my back hurts a lot.
My stomach hurts so much that it's hard for me to sit.
He's very cold, that's why he's shivering.
My throat is dry because of the cough.
My voice is hoarse because of the cold.
Could this fever be dangerous?
My joints hurt when the weather changes.
My muscles started hurting because I worked too much.
Check your fever with a thermometer.
My chest hurts when I cough.
It's hard to breathe because my nose is blocked.
You should see a doctor if this pain doesn't get better.
I feel weak because I have a fever.
Which medicine is good for this cough?
I always sneeze after I get a cold.
He had such a high fever that he couldn't even get up.
I should protect myself from the cold so I don't get a cold again.
It's hard for me to bend over because of my back pain.
The kid has a fever, please let them rest.
He's so bothered by the dry cough that he can't sleep at night.
My throat hurts and it's hard to eat anything.
Is all this happening because of some allergy?
If the stomach ache gets too bad, contact a doctor immediately.
When you have a fever, your body gets so hot that you need to drink lots of water.
I got relief from my cough with this medicine.
Because of the cold, my nose is running and my eyes are watering.
I'm feeling lazy and tired all day.
Are you having any difficulty breathing?
If you have constant body aches, get your blood checked.
Along with the fever, he's also feeling chills.
For a cough, you can drink honey and ginger juice.
Since I got a cold, I'm not experiencing taste and smell.
I'm not feeling well right now, I should see a doctor.
How many days have you had this problem?
If the fever doesn't go down, consult with a doctor.
I called to make a doctor's appointment.
He said that I'm having difficulty breathing.
My stomach has been hurting a lot since last night.
I think I need a doctor.
You should consult with a specialist doctor.
If your condition worsens, go to the hospital immediately.
The hospital was very crowded.
When will the doctor arrive?
There were many people sitting in the waiting room.
The doctor examined me and prescribed medicine.
He asked me where it hurt.
I told the doctor all my symptoms.
The nurse checked my blood pressure.
The doctor told me I need to rest for a few days.
Take the medicine on time, until the doctor tells you to stop.
He told me to get a blood test.
Take this medicine twice a day, after meals.
I had to be admitted to the hospital.
The nurse told me to sleep in the new bed.
There were many tests in the hospital.
The doctor said I need to have surgery.
I was very scared before going to the OT.
The hospital staff were very helpful.
Can you tell me when my report will come?
Call the nurse if you need anything.
Only one person is allowed in the ICU.
The doctor used to come see the patient every day.
I felt relieved to hear that the operation was successful.
The nurse gave me medicine and cleaned my wound.
I am slowly recovering.
Physiotherapy helped me to walk.
The hospital food was nutritious, but it had no taste.
The nurse took great care of me when I was sick.
He said that you need to stay in the hospital for a few days.
There were many patients in my ward, all suffering from different diseases.
It is very important to follow the doctor's advice.
I was very happy after being discharged from the hospital.
I have to go to the doctor again for a follow-up.
Don't forget to take the medicine on time.
The doctor told me to get checked again after a month.
Doctors are available immediately in the emergency room.
The hospital staff serve the patients day and night.
I really liked the facilities of this hospital.
If you ever have an emergency, call an ambulance.
Kids get scared when you take them to the doctor.
He said that you should pay attention to your diet.
The doctor asked me since when I've been having this problem.
If your wound doesn't heal, contact a doctor immediately.
I only found peace after being admitted to the hospital.
The nurse told me when and how much medicine to take.
I couldn't sleep well because the pain was too much.
The doctor's fee is high, but he treats well.
Rest at home until you feel better.
I met many new people at the hospital.
He needs special care, the doctor said.
If you have chest pain, don't waste a moment.
The nurse gave me an injection, which gave me some relief.
The hospital environment was very peaceful, which helps in recovering from illness.
I think the doctor understood my illness well.
He said that you need to make changes in your lifestyle.
When I went to the ward, a child was crying.
Modern equipment is used in the hospital.
The doctor explained to me how weak my body has become.
If you get any side effects from the medicine, tell the doctor right away.
The nurse used to check our temperature and blood pressure every day.
Even after getting leave, I'm still feeling weak.
The doctor said some tests are needed before the operation.
If you have any problem, call the nurse, she will help you.
A team of specialist doctors is available in the hospital.
I was late to go to the doctor that day.
That woman had serious injuries, so she had to be taken to the hospital immediately.
The nurse explained the medicine dosage and timing to me well.
When I had a fever, the doctor advised me to rest.
Everything was going very well in the hospital.
The doctor assured me that I would recover soon.
I believe in God that my health will get better soon.
It is very important to take medicine at the right time.
How many days have you been taking this medicine?
Take the medicine with water.
Take this pill after dinner.
If you forget to take the medicine, take it immediately.
Don't start any new medicine without doctor's advice.
The dosage of medicine is very low for children.
This medicine is very good for stomach ache.
You have to take this medicine twice a day.
Since you have a high fever, take this antibiotic.
My mother has to take medicine three times a day.
Keep the medicine in a cool and dry place.
Continue the medicine that you are currently taking.
Do you have a prescription for this medicine?
You might feel a little sleepy after taking this medicine.
If you experience any side effects, see a doctor immediately.
It is very important to complete the full course of medicine.
I haven't bought the medicine that the doctor prescribed yet.
I remember, I won't forget to take the medicine.
The dosage should be as directed by the doctor.
There is a special spoon for giving syrup to small children.
What is the name of your medicine?
It is not okay to take this medicine on an empty stomach.
If you are pregnant, ask a doctor before taking any medicine.
Keep the medicine out of reach of children.
I have to take this medicine after dinner.
Don't take the medicine that you don't like.
Your blood pressure is high, so take this medicine regularly.
This medicine gives me a lot of relief from my old pain.
Consult a doctor before increasing the dose of this medicine.
If the medicine packet is damaged, don't use it.
I've stopped taking the medicine that I was allergic to.
It's necessary to check the expiry date of the medicine.
I think I took too much of the medicine.
The doctor said you have to take this medicine for five days.
You might feel a little dizzy when taking this medicine.
This medicine is more effective when taken with milk.
People who don't take medicine on time can have many problems.
I need a new medicine because the old one isn't working.
Close the medicine bottle properly after using it.
How many times has your doctor told you to take this medicine?
It's better to eat food before taking this medicine.
If you forget to take the medicine, don't take a double dose.
I have to take medicine because my health is not good.
Keep the medicine in a safe place, away from children's reach.
Take the medicine that cures you regularly.
My wife always reminds me to take my medicine.
Ask the doctor again before taking this medicine.
Taking the wrong dose of medicine can be harmful to your health.
Since this medicine makes you sleepy, it's better to take it at night.
If your stomach is upset, don't take this medicine on an empty stomach.
Don't change the dose of any medicine without the doctor's instructions.
The medicine I'm taking right now doesn't have any side effects.
I think it's time for me to take my medicine.
Read the instructions inside the medicine box carefully.
How long does it take for your medicine to react?
After taking this medicine, your mouth might feel a little dry.
Since this medicine is very strong, don't take too much of it.
If you are taking more than one medicine, inform the doctor about it.
Don't break the medicine tablet unless the doctor has told you to.
I've stopped taking the medicine that I was allergic to because it used to make me itch.
Taking medicine regularly helps to eliminate the disease from the root.
Where is your new medicine prescription?
It's better to drink milk before taking this medicine if you have a sensitive stomach.
If the medicine tastes bad, take it with something.
The doctor said that this medicine works for both fever and pain.
I remember I forgot to take my medicine last night.
Don't increase the medicine dose on your own.
I have to take this medicine twice a day because my health is not good.
If you miss a dose of medicine, wait for the next dose.
I always take the medicine that gives me immediate relief.
Drinking alcohol with medicine can be harmful to your health.
How many days of dosage has your doctor prescribed for this medicine?
Make sure to confirm this with your doctor before taking this medicine.
I have to think about buying this medicine because it is very expensive.
If your child doesn't drink the medicine, ask the doctor.
Don't share medicine with your friends, because it might be wrong for them.
I always keep the medicine that cures me at home.
I think it's time to take medicine, because I'm hungry.
If you want to stay healthy, follow a good diet.
A balanced diet gives energy to the body, so we all should consume it.
Those who eat fruits and vegetables are very healthy, because they are full of nutrients.
If you want to keep your body hydrated, drink enough water every day.
What did you eat this morning that gave you energy?
You should avoid food with oil and sugar, as it is harmful to your health.
Everyone knows that nutrition plays a big role in the development of our body.
Children who get proper nutritious food are very healthy and sharp.
Do you think eating this food is good for health?
If you don't eat well, you might get sick, and that's not good for you.
People who eat green vegetables every day stay strong and healthy.
Because water helps to digest food.
Good nutrition is necessary to stay healthy.
A balanced diet gives us energy.
Eating fruits and vegetables every day is beneficial for health.
Drinking enough water is very important for the body.
People who exercise regularly stay healthy.
Vegetables and fruits contain many types of vitamins.
Fast food makes us sick.
Milk and yogurt are very important nutrients for children.
He should include more protein in his diet.
Because our body becomes strong by getting good nutrition.
Drinking at least eight glasses of water a day is very good for health.
If you are feeling weak, pay attention to your diet.
Green vegetables contain a lot of iron.
Eating fruits increases immunity.
You should stay away from things that have a lot of sugar.
Eat food that gives you strength and energy.
Pregnant women need special nutrition.
Because Vitamin C protects us from colds and coughs.
Lemons, oranges and gooseberries have a lot of Vitamin C.
Rice, roti, and porridge are good sources of energy.
Eat lentils, cheese, and eggs for protein.
People who eat a lot of junk food have problems with obesity.
Water controls the body's temperature.
It's good to chew food slowly.
Because to avoid constipation, fiber-rich food is necessary.
He/She should also add salad and yogurt to their food.
If you have gas problems, avoid spicy food.
Fruits have natural sugar which is not harmful to the body.
Vegetables should not be overcooked, because their nutrients are destroyed.
Milk has calcium which strengthens bones.
By drinking water, the skin remains healthy and glowing.
We should start the day with a good breakfast.
Dinner should be light and easy to digest.
People who drink less water may have problems with dehydration.
Because water is very important to remove toxins from the body.
Drinking lemon juice and coconut water in summer keeps the body hydrated.
It's good for health to keep salt and oil low in food.
He's been advised to eat jaggery or honey instead of sugar.
If you have diabetes, eat sweet fruits in limited amounts.
It's the parents' responsibility to keep kids away from junk food.
We shouldn't waste food.
Because fruits and vegetables are rich in antioxidants.
He should include different kinds of colorful fruits and vegetables in his diet.
People who don't eat nutritious food often get sick.
Lack of water can cause many problems in the body.
We should wash our hands well before and after eating.
Because contaminated food can cause stomach illnesses.
The fruits and vegetables that are seasonal are very nutritious.
He should consult with his dietician.
If you have any specific disease, eat food only after asking your doctor.
Avoid fried food, because it's not good for heart health.
Fenugreek, spinach and mustard greens are full of many nutrients.
Eggs are full of protein, vitamins and minerals.
Because fiber-rich food keeps the digestive system healthy.
If you want to lose weight, stay away from oily food.
Lentils are a good source of protein and very important for vegetarians.
Soup and broth are light and nutritious food for sick people.
Because even less sleep can make it hard to digest food.
You must eat at least two kinds of fruits a day.
He should drink fresh juice instead of cold drinks.
The person who drinks water regularly has fewer kidney problems.
Because the body needs energy and food is the source of that energy.
If you don't feel hungry, you might have some kind of illness.
Drinking too much tea and coffee is not good for health.
We should include grains and coarse grains in our diet.
Because sprouted grains have a high amount of protein and vitamins.
The food we eat directly affects our health.
Paying attention to the purity of water is also very important.
He should include different types of lentils in his diet.
If your cholesterol is high, avoid eating fatty meat.
Because good digestion increases the body's absorption capacity.
We should stay away from packaged and processed foods.
The person who eats easily digestible food remains active and energetic.
He should include oats and bran roti in his diet for fiber.
If you want to stay healthy, stay away from alcohol and cigarettes.
Water carries nutrients throughout the body and removes waste.
Because good nutrition gives you a long and healthy life.
We should listen to our body and eat accordingly.
Walking every morning is a good habit.
How long do you exercise for?
The doctor says that exercise keeps the body well.
If you want to stay healthy, be sure to exercise.
Running is good for the heart.
Doing yoga also gives mental peace.
Children should participate in sports.
People who don't exercise get a lot of diseases.
Exercise increases the body's energy.
Walking in the morning air makes you happy.
Do you do any particular exercise?
Warm up your body before doing strenuous exercise.
The body should not be dehydrated while exercising.
Physical activity helps to reduce obesity.
Old people should do light exercise.
Walking is the easiest and best exercise.
Walking continuously for an hour reduces calories.
If you want to start new exercises, consult with an expert.
Exercise makes bones stronger.
Exercise is also helpful for reducing tension.
Because exercise makes the body energetic, it is very important.
How often do you have the habit of walking?
People who stay active feel more energetic.
Try to exercise at least five days a week.
Sports are also a good exercise.
Swimming benefits the whole body.
To build muscle, you have to lift weights.
If you feel tired, stop exercising.
Exercising increases immunity.
For good health, exercise is also necessary along with a balanced diet.
Who in your family exercises?
I like to walk every morning.
An active lifestyle is very good.
If your body aches, don't exercise.
Exercising regularly also helps you sleep better.
It is important to stretch the body before and after exercising.
It's really hard to walk in hilly places.
Doing too much exercise is also not good for health.
Choose some work for yourself that you enjoy doing.
Riding a bicycle makes your legs strong.
What exercise places are there in your city?
People who are lazy have a higher risk of getting diabetes.
Kids should be sent outside to play instead of watching TV.
Because exercise releases happy hormones, it makes you feel good.
Physical activity helps control blood pressure.
We should include exercise in our daily routine.
If you have less time, you can exercise in short bursts.
Dancing in Zumba class is also a fun exercise.
Exercise clothes should be comfortable so you don't feel awkward.
People who exercise in the morning feel energetic throughout the day.
What kind of exercise do you like to do?
The weather here is perfect for exercising.
Get training from a good instructor before lifting heavy weights.
Because exercise helps you live longer, make it a part of your life.
Old people should do balancing exercises so they can avoid falling.
No matter how busy I am, I make time for exercise.
Being physically active also increases confidence.
What's your goal – to lose weight or gain muscle?
If you have any illness, talk to a doctor before starting exercise.
We all should take care of our physical activity.
Sitting in one place for too long is not good for health.
If the weather is bad, you can exercise at home too.
Exercising increases the body's flexibility.
Which exercise is best according to you?
People who exercise regularly have less stress.
Morning yoga and meditation keeps the mind calm.
Physical education is important for a child's development.
We shouldn't be lazy to exercise.
If you can join a group, it's even more fun to exercise.
Exercise releases a chemical called endorphins in the body, which gives a feeling of happiness.
Encourage children to play outdoor games instead of using mobile.
Physical activity is very important for your health and longevity.
We all should check our fitness level from time to time.
If you don't drink enough water, you may feel tired while exercising.
Many people like to exercise by going to the gym.
How much physical activity is included in your daily routine?
Doing physical work is also a kind of exercise.
People who live a lazy life, they need change.
We all should keep trying for a healthy and active life.
Speaking your mind is important for mental peace.
Sometimes you feel heavy, it's normal.
If you are feeling constantly sad, then consult a doctor.
Stress has become a big problem in today's life.
Too much stress affects both the body and the mind.
To reduce stress, doing regular exercise is a good way.
If you don't get enough sleep, it's hard to focus and work.
Good sleep is very important for our mental health.
You should sleep seven to eight hours a day.
If you can't sleep, pay attention to your daily routine.
Using mobile phones too much ruins sleep at night.
Meditation and yoga help reduce stress.
Share your problems with friends and family.
Sometimes you also need a doctor's help for mental health.
We need to raise awareness about mental illness in society.
Learn to use time wisely to avoid stress.
When you are stressed, your ability to make decisions decreases.
Good food and enough rest keeps your mental health good.
If you worry too much, meet with your psychiatrist.
Connecting with nature is also beneficial for mental health.
Take out some time every day for something you enjoy.
Stay away from negative thoughts to be free from worry.
If you don't get enough sleep, you might feel down.
Eating heavy food at night can disturb your sleep.
If you have trouble sleeping, avoid caffeine at night.
Self-confidence is important for mental balance.
Keeping your goals realistic reduces stress.
When you're stressed, the hormone balance in your body gets messed up.
Stress can also cause physical pain in the body.
Thinking too much is harmful for mental health.
Good friends provide mental support.
If a friend is feeling down, give them time to listen.
Getting help from a psychiatrist is not a sign of weakness.
Practice deep breathing to get rid of stress and anxiety.
Good sleep makes us feel fresh and energetic.
If your sleep pattern is messed up, try to fix it.
Keep your mind calm to stay mentally healthy.
Kids can also have mental stress, which is important to understand.
Using too much social media can sometimes increase anxiety.
If something is bothering you a lot, find a solution for it.
If you keep doing creative work, your mind will be calm.
It's important to know your limits for mental health.
Sitting for too long is not good for both mental and physical health.
Spending some time in the sun every day is beneficial for mental health.
If you're not feeling sleepy, read a book for a while.
Create a regular sleep schedule and stick to it.
Drinking warm milk before bed can help for a good sleep.
Stress also has a negative impact on the digestive system.
Mental illness is as serious as any physical illness.
If you don't take care of your mental health, it also affects your body.
Find a quiet place to relax and meditate.
Taking breaks from your work from time to time reduces stress.
Positive thinking is very important to stay mentally strong.
When you are stressed, your appetite can also be affected.
Avoid too much workload, because it is a major cause of stress.
Lack of sleep increases frustration and anger.
If you are constantly having bad dreams, talk to a doctor.
Writing down your feelings is a good way for mental health.
Sometimes doing nothing in your free time also gives mental peace.
Worrying too much about your future is harmful to mental health.
If you are feeling down, listen to music.
Mental health services should be accessible to everyone, so people can get help.
Eating on time is also important to avoid stress.
Getting enough sleep also strengthens the immune system.
If you are having negative thoughts, try to turn them into positive ones.
Spending time with your favorite people is good for mental health.
There should be no shame in talking about mental health.
Treat someone suffering from a mental problem with empathy.
If you can't sleep, keep your bedroom quiet and dark.
Set your priorities for stress management.
It is important to understand your body's needs for mental health.
When you are tired, you don't feel like doing any work.
Lack of sleep affects the body's repair process.
If your sleep is irregular, try to make it regular.
Healthy relationships are fundamental to mental health.
After too much stress, the body's hormone balance is disturbed.
Heavy physical activity should be avoided before sleep.
It's wise to live life prioritizing mental health.
If you're scared of something, try to face it.
Pregnancy is a wonderful phase in a woman's life.
Everyone is excited waiting for a new life to arrive.
During pregnancy, there are many changes in the body.
Women need special care during this time.
The total duration of pregnancy is about nine months.
After labor pains, a baby is born.
After conceiving, women should take great care of their health.
When the baby grows in the womb, the mother's body undergoes hormonal changes.
In the first three months, there is often nausea and vomiting.
In the second three months, many women feel energetic.
It is essential for a pregnant woman to eat a balanced diet.
Getting enough sleep is very important for the mother's health.
Doing light exercise regularly is beneficial for pregnant women.
Taking folic acid reduces the risk of birth defects in newborns.
It is good to do yoga and meditation to avoid stress during pregnancy.
Pregnant women should drink plenty of water.
Iron deficiency in the body can cause anemia, which is dangerous for pregnant women.
Smoking and alcohol consumption are strictly prohibited during pregnancy.
Eating nutritious food helps the baby develop well.
Controlling your body weight is very important for health.
Consult a doctor as soon as you know you are pregnant.
Getting regular prenatal checkups is very important.
Give the doctor all your medical history information.
The ultrasound can tell you the baby's development status.
Pregnant women should get tetanus shots.
Blood pressure and sugar should be checked regularly, it's very important.
Women who already have a disease need special attention.
Do not take any medicine without consulting a doctor.
Prenatal care helps to reduce maternal mortality.
Ask the doctor which tests are mandatory.
Go to the hospital immediately if you have a lot of stomach pain.
If there is a problem with bleeding, it can be a serious situation.
If the baby's movement decreases, it can be a cause for concern.
High blood pressure can be caused by pre-eclampsia.
See a doctor if you have abnormal discharge or itching.
Labor pains can start prematurely, which is called preterm labor.
Severe headaches and changes in vision can be a sign of danger.
If there is a lot of swelling in the body, tell the doctor.
Pregnant women should focus on hygiene to avoid infections.
If you see any unusual symptoms, contact a doctor right away.
It's important to be mentally and physically prepared to give birth.
Labor pains can sometimes be very intense.
All preparations should be made in advance for giving birth in the hospital.
Both normal delivery and C-section are available options.
The help of doctors and nurses is very important during childbirth.
If labor starts, don't panic.
Making a delivery plan gives the mother confidence.
Talk to your doctor about pain relief options.
Childbirth is an unforgettable experience.
Maintain a calm and positive environment in the delivery room.
After giving birth, the mother needs a lot of rest.
Breastfeeding is the best diet for the baby's health.
Get your newborn vaccinated regularly.
Postpartum depression is a common problem that shouldn't be ignored.
It takes time for a woman's body to recover after giving birth.
Family members should support the mother.
Nutritious food and enough sleep are necessary in the postpartum period.
If the mother has any problems taking care of the baby, ask for help.
Give the baby regular baths to keep them clean.
It's very important to get the baby checked by a doctor for up to six weeks after birth.
Take your doctor's advice very seriously.
Enjoy the journey of pregnancy and think positively.
Share the pregnancy experience with your partner.
Gather clothes and other necessary items for the baby beforehand.
If you don't understand something, don't hesitate to ask the doctor.
Avoid lifting heavy objects during pregnancy.
Help pregnant women around you.
Make plenty of space in the house for the baby to come.
Consult with your doctor before traveling during pregnancy.
Avoid sexual intercourse until the doctor gives permission.
What day is my delivery date?
Which medicines can I take during pregnancy?
Can I travel during pregnancy?
When is the baby's first movement felt?
How long does labor pain last?
What are the benefits of breastfeeding for the baby?
Is my baby healthy?
How can postpartum depression be dealt with?
After giving birth, when can we start doing normal work?
Which hospital should we choose for delivery?
Taking care of a child's health is the biggest responsibility of parents.
Make sure the newborn gets all the vaccinations on time.
Vaccines protect the child from many serious and life-threatening diseases that can trouble them in the future.
The first vaccines for polio and hepatitis B are given a few days after birth.
If the child suddenly has a very high fever, consult a doctor without delay.
Mother's milk is like nectar for the baby because it contains all the necessary nutrients.
It is very important to keep the child in a clean and hygienic environment so that he/she is protected from diseases.
Wash the child's hands thoroughly with soap and water after playing.
If a child is given a balanced and nutritious diet, both their physical and mental development will be good.
Always keep the vaccination chart safe on your mobile or in a diary, so that no vaccine is missed.
If the child has a mild fever and body aches after vaccination, it is normal.
However, if the fever gets too high or the child behaves abnormally, a doctor should be seen immediately.
Special attention should be paid to the child's health.
Newborns should be breastfed on time, so that they stay healthy.
Cleanliness plays an important role in protecting children from diseases.
The child should be bathed regularly, as it keeps him away from diseases.
His/her development will be good by giving him/her a nutritious diet.
Fruits and vegetables are very important for children, because they provide energy to the body.
Enough sleep is very important for a child's healthy development, which makes them active.
Kids should get a chance to play and run around, which increases their physical ability.
If the child is too lazy, consult a doctor immediately.
Monitor their physical and mental development, because it's important for the future.
The child should wear clean clothes, so they don't get any infections.
Teaching them to wash their hands keeps them away from sickness.
A healthy child's smile brings happiness to the home, which makes everyone happy.
Newborn babies should be shown to the doctor regularly.
A healthy child is the joy of the house.
A child's diet should be balanced and nutritious.
Breastfeeding mothers should also pay attention to their diet.
A child gets their first vaccine a few days after birth.
Vaccines protect children from serious illnesses.
If the vaccination schedule is missed, contact the doctor immediately.
Vaccines are safe and effective.
After some vaccinations, the child may have a slight fever and body aches.
This is a normal reaction, so there's no need to panic.
It is the responsibility of parents to vaccinate their children on time.
The polio vaccine is important for a child's future.
Measles and rubella vaccines should also be given.
New vaccines are coming to protect against new diseases.
Kids should be taught to wash their hands regularly.
Dirt spreads a lot of diseases.
If a child has an upset stomach, give them ORS solution.
If a child has a fever, consult a doctor immediately.
Sometimes rashes can also appear on the body with a fever.
High fever can be harmful to a child.
If a child has a fever, give them plenty of fluids.
Putting a cold compress on the forehead can reduce the fever.
Don't give any medicine to a child without a doctor's advice.
If a child seems lethargic, it could be a matter of concern.
Get the child's weight and height checked regularly.
Good sleep is essential for a child's development.
Encourage the child to play and run around.
Always keep the vaccination card safe, because it has all the information.
If the child has difficulty breathing, show it to a doctor.
A cold and cough is normal, but it's a concern if it persists.
Give a good diet to increase the child's immunity.
Breast milk is the best diet for a newborn.
A child should be fed only breast milk for at least six months.
It's important to take care of a child after vaccination.
So many people are scared of vaccines, but it's a useless fear.
It's important to remove the misconceptions about vaccines in society.
All children have the right to equal access to healthcare.
If a child is teething, it can be difficult for them.
At that time, give them soft foods and take special care of them.
Don't leave the child in the sun for too long.
Give the child plenty of water during hot days.
Dress the child in warm clothes during cold days.
If the child is itchy, take them to the doctor.
Cut the child's nails regularly, so they don't get dirty.
Using a mosquito net protects the child from mosquito bites.
It is very important to protect the child from dengue and malaria.
If the child has continuous diarrhea, there is an increased risk of dehydration.
ORS solution helps prevent dehydration.
Go to the child's vaccination center and get information.
Child vaccinations are given free of charge in government hospitals.
If the child has a fever along with vomiting, this could be a serious sign.
Newborn babies should be kept in a clean environment.
If there is any problem with the child's eyes, see a doctor immediately.
It's really important to give vitamin A to kids to protect them from measles.
If a child gets hurt, you should know about first aid.
Don't forget to give the second dose of the vaccine on time.
Some kids get a little fussy after getting vaccinated.
At that time, handle them with love and give them medicine to reduce the pain.
Vaccinating a child is an important step for their healthy future.
School-going kids also get medicine for stomach worms.
If the child doesn't feel hungry, take them to the doctor.
For a child's full development, both nutritious food and a clean environment are important.
All parents should cooperate in the vaccination campaign.
Vaccines don't cause any serious problems for children, it's just a myth.
If a child has seizures during a fever, it's an emergency.
After vaccination, the child's body develops the ability to fight diseases.
Give the child toys to play with according to their age.
A healthy child is the future of the country.
If blood is seen in the child's stool, it's a condition where you need to see a doctor immediately.
The effect of the vaccine lasts for a few days, then a new vaccine is needed again.
Dress the child in clean clothes and keep them clean.
Malnutrition can stop a child's development, which is very worrying.
Vaccination is a public health program that should be supported.
If your child has allergies, get them vaccinated after consulting a doctor.
Regular health checkups for children can prevent many diseases.
It's important to know the correct dosage of fever-reducing medicine.
Giving your child enough rest is also good for their health.
If you have any questions about vaccines, it's best to ask a health worker.
We all must be committed to keeping our children healthy and safe.
Everyone should have basic first aid knowledge.
If you know first aid, you can save someone's life.
First aid is very important in emergencies.
Keep a first aid kit in every home as a necessity.
The first aid kit should have essential medicines and supplies.
Be sure to keep Dettol, bandages, cotton, and antiseptic cream in the kit.
Clean small wounds immediately and apply antiseptic to them.
If the wound is very deep, see a doctor without delay.
Wash the wound with soap and water to prevent infection.
Cover open wounds with a bandage to prevent dust from getting in.
Injuries from sharp objects can be serious, so be careful.
Stopping the bleeding is the first and most important thing to do after an injury.
Apply direct pressure to the wound to stop the bleeding.
If there is a lot of bleeding, press the wound firmly with a clean cloth.
If the bleeding doesn't stop, go to the hospital or call a doctor right away.
If you have a nosebleed, don't tilt your head back, because the blood can go down your throat.
If you have a nosebleed, tilt your head forward and pinch your nose for ten minutes.
Losing too much blood can be life-threatening, so be careful.
If a bone is broken, avoid moving that body part as much as possible.
Use a bandage or splint to keep the broken bone stable.
Applying ice to a sprain reduces swelling and relieves pain.
If you have a serious injury, it's very important to get medical help right away.
In case of a sprain, give the affected body part complete rest.
Where the body is burned, wash it with cold water for twenty minutes.
Don't apply ice directly to a burn, because it can damage the tissue.
If it's a serious burn, take them to the nearest hospital immediately.
For minor burns, you can apply aloe vera gel, which will soothe it.
If clothing is burned and stuck to the body, don't try to remove it.
If something is stuck in the throat, use the Heimlich maneuver, if you're trained.
If something is stuck in a child's throat, help them immediately and call a doctor.
If you have trouble breathing, it's an emergency and you need help.
Lay an unconscious person flat and raise their legs above their heart.
If someone suddenly faints, let them get enough air.
If the unconsciousness lasts for a long time, see a doctor without delay.
Remember 102 to call an ambulance in an emergency.
You should remember the emergency numbers for your area.
If you are alone and someone needs help, shout loudly.
Staying calm in an emergency is very important so you can make the right decisions.
Save the doctor's and nearest hospital's number on your phone.
Don't take medicine you don't know, because it can be dangerous.
Keep kids away from sharp objects and flammable stuff.
If a snake bites, tie the wound tightly from below but don't try to suck the blood.
If you come into contact with poison, get medical help immediately and tell them what kind of poison.
If someone gets an electric shock, first turn off the power then touch the victim.
If a finger is cut off, you can wrap it in a clean cloth, put it on ice, and take it to the hospital.
Learning first aid from a trained person is very helpful for saving lives.
Always try to stay safe and avoid danger.
Remember this principle: your safety first, then help others.
In a big accident, first inform the police and then the doctor.
Always have the ambulance and fire department numbers available.
If someone stops breathing, try to give CPR if you are trained.
If there's a severe allergic reaction, use an EpiPen immediately if available.
If someone eats poison, go to the hospital immediately and take a sample of the poison with you.
Don't give anything to eat or drink to someone who is unconscious.
If your body feels numb from the cold, warm it up slowly.
It's important to recognize heart attack symptoms so you can get treatment on time.
If you suddenly have chest pain, call for medical help right away.
If someone faints and falls, keep them safe and don't put anything in their mouth.
Before saving someone who is drowning, take care of your own safety.
If your eye hurts after an injury, avoid rubbing it.
A head injury can cause you to lose consciousness, so be careful.
Taking a first aid training will be useful sometime in life.
Kids in school should be given basic first aid knowledge.
If a child has swallowed something, encourage them to cough.
If the body temperature is too low (hypothermia), immediately put warm clothes on them.
A bee sting causes swelling and pain, which can be reduced with ice.
It is necessary to recognize the symptoms of serious internal bleeding immediately.
In an emergency situation, don't panic, but think calmly.
Learn how to use a fire extinguisher, it is important for home safety.
If someone has a mental trauma, comfort them.
Use a rope or stick to pull someone drowning out of the water.
Stay away from electrical wires, as they can be life-threatening.
If a dog bites you, wash the wound with soap and water and get an anti-rabies injection.
If you are able to donate blood, donate blood regularly.
How many people's lives could be in danger due to lack of blood?
If you're late getting to the hospital, the situation could get serious.
Time is very important in such emergency situations.
Check the expiration dates of first aid supplies regularly.
Applying turmeric to an injury reduces pain, it's a traditional remedy.
Teach your neighbors and family what to do in emergency situations too.
Managing long-term illnesses requires patience and consistency.
Diabetes, blood pressure, and heart disease are the main ones among these.
These diseases slowly weaken the body.
If not treated on time, all of this can be life-threatening.
Primary symptoms of diabetes include being very thirsty and urinating frequently.
If you see such symptoms, consult a doctor immediately.
Irregular eating habits are a major cause of diabetes.
Reducing sugar intake is very important for controlling diabetes.
Regular exercise and a balanced diet are the cornerstones of diabetes management.
Some people's bodies can't use insulin properly, which causes diabetes.
The normal range for blood pressure is 120/80 mmHg.
High blood pressure is also called the "silent killer" because it doesn't have any specific symptoms.
When blood pressure gets too high, there's a possibility of headaches and dizziness.
Smoking and alcohol consumption can increase blood pressure.
Reducing salt helps control high blood pressure.
Stress also plays a big role in raising blood pressure.
Yoga and meditation can reduce stress, which controls blood pressure.
Heart disease can happen for many reasons, obesity and high cholesterol being major ones.
Chest pain, difficulty breathing, and fatigue are common symptoms of heart disease.
If you have a family history of heart disease, get checked regularly.
An unhealthy lifestyle increases the risk of heart disease.
Fruits, vegetables, and whole grains help keep the heart healthy.
Avoiding saturated fat is an effective way to prevent heart disease.
Don't stop any medication without your doctor's advice, because it can be harmful.
Diabetic patients can also have bad effects on their eyes, kidneys, and nerves.
High blood pressure increases the risk of stroke and kidney disease.
In severe cases of heart disease, surgery may also be needed.
Regular health check-ups help in the early detection of chronic diseases.
When a disease is known early, then its treatment is easier.
Keeping your weight under control is very important for health.
Excessive consumption of sugary foods increases the chance of diabetes.
Blood pressure medicines should be taken every day at the right time.
If you forget to take your medicine, ask your doctor and take the next dose.
Heart patients are advised to do regular cardiac exercise.
Quitting smoking immediately improves your heart health.
Reducing alcohol can lower the risk of long-term illnesses.
Enough sleep is important for both physical and mental health.
Definitely follow the doctor's advice.
It's really important to control your blood sugar to avoid diabetes complications.
High blood pressure can damage artery walls, which leads to heart disease.
People who are serious about their health live a disease-free life.
Don't hesitate to go to the hospital for regular check-ups.
It's really important to get information and understand about diabetes.
Emotional support is also very important for heart patients.
Because all these diseases last a lifetime, it's important to learn how to manage them.
Your family history can also put you at risk for diabetes and blood pressure.
If you're suffering from obesity, try to lose weight.
Check your blood sugar regularly so you can keep it under control.
It's a good habit to have a blood pressure machine at home and use it.
Medicines like aspirin can be given to heart patients.
Staying away from sugary drinks helps prevent diabetes.
Try to reduce the use of artificial sweeteners because they're not good for your health either.
People who suffer from high blood pressure should walk regularly.
If there are any abnormal changes in your heartbeat, contact a doctor immediately.
Adopting a healthy lifestyle improves the quality of life.
Medicines for chronic diseases often need to be taken for life.
All diseases are interconnected, because one affects another.
If you are careless about taking diabetes medicine, there can be serious consequences.
Talk openly with your doctor about your illness.
Consult a dietician to plan a healthy diet.
Lifestyle changes in the early stages of heart disease are very beneficial.
A sudden increase or decrease in blood pressure can be a dangerous sign.
Kidney problems are a common complication of diabetes.
People who get regular checkups can avoid serious illnesses.
Physical activity helps control blood sugar levels.
The sharp pain in the chest caused by heart disease is called angina.
Controlling blood pressure is very important to prevent stroke.
Diabetic patients should also take special care of their feet.
Instead of being afraid of a disease, you should be prepared to face it.
When you feel sick, it is important to rest.
Drinking enough water keeps the body healthy.
Family support is also very important in managing chronic diseases.
The doctor's team helps you live a good life.
Treatment of these diseases is possible with modern medicine, but regularity is essential.
Take care of your mental health too, because it affects your physical health.
If you get any side effects from medicine, tell the doctor right away.
Diabetic patients should pay attention to their carbohydrate intake.
People with high blood pressure are advised to eat low-fat foods.
Eat foods that give the body energy in a balanced amount.
Adopt a healthy lifestyle, because health is the greatest wealth.
Washing hands is very important for our health.
Be sure to wash your hands before eating and after using the toilet.
You should wash your hands with soap and water for at least twenty seconds.
Dirty hands spread many germs that cause disease.
It is mandatory to wash your hands after using the toilet.
If you don't wash your hands, there is a higher risk of infection.
Teach children about the importance of washing hands.
Bathing regularly is an important part of personal hygiene.
It is everyone's duty to keep our home environment clean.
Put garbage in the right place, because it is home to many diseases.
Do not litter in public places, it is harmful to everyone.
Cover your mouth with a tissue or elbow when coughing and sneezing.
Germs from sneezing spread far.
Maintain a reasonable distance from an infected person.
Hands should be clean before cooking and when serving food.
Eat fresh fruits and vegetables after washing them well, because they can also have germs.
Dirty food can cause many stomach related illnesses.
It's very important to keep drinking water clean and safe.
If the water isn't clean, the chances of waterborne diseases increase.
Keep your nails short and clean, because dirt collects there.
It's important to follow hygiene rules to avoid getting sick.
Do you guys regularly clean your house?
Wiping the floor every day reduces germs.
Pay special attention to cleaning the bathroom and toilet regularly.
Disinfect the things that are touched a lot.
Mobile phones and computer keyboards can also be a source of infection.
Don't share your personal items, like handkerchiefs and toothbrushes, with anyone else.
If you're sick, stay home and protect others.
Wearing a mask prevents germs from spreading from coughs and sneezes.
Hot water and soap are very effective for washing hands.
Use alcohol-based hand sanitizer when soap isn't available.
But, sanitizer is not a replacement for soap and water.
Open the windows of the house and let fresh air in.
Fresh air prevents the spread of disease germs.
Keeping mosquitoes and flies away from home is an important part of cleaning.
It's everyone's responsibility to keep the environment around you clean.
When you come home from outside, you should wash your hands properly.
Hygiene education in school is very important for kids.
Cleanliness also strengthens the immune system.
Being clean is the first step to avoid infection.
Germs are small, but they can be very powerful.
People who wash their hands regularly get sick less often.
A high level of cleanliness should be maintained in hospitals and clinics.
Doctors and nurses must wash their hands before and after seeing patients.
Put food waste in the dustbin immediately and cover it.
Standing dirty water provides a suitable environment for mosquitoes to breed.
Also pay attention to the hygiene of your pets.
It is important to wash your hands after playing with animals, as they may also carry germs.
Wash the clothes you wear regularly.
Dirty clothes can cause skin diseases.
Take precautions when traveling on public transport.
If you are feeling sick, avoid crowded places.
Diseases like the coronavirus highlighted the importance of cleanliness.
It showed how effective hand washing is as a safety measure.
To stay healthy, make cleanliness a part of your life.
Clean the cooking area before and after using it.
Cutting boards and knives should be washed separately, especially after cutting meat.
It's very important to avoid cross-infection.
If there's a wound, keep it clean and covered.
Open wounds have a high risk of infection.
Are you satisfied with the cleanliness situation at your child's school?
Running cleanliness programs in the community is beneficial for health.
Making people aware about cleanliness is important for society.
If everyone stays clean, many diseases can be prevented.
Leaving trash around is a bad habit that increases disease.
Using disinfectant spray also helps to keep the house clean.
But, you should avoid using it too much because it can be harmful.
It's very important to wash your hands after changing a baby's diaper.
Avoid touching your mouth, especially when your hands are dirty.
Dirty hands can cause eye infections if your hands aren't clean.
If soap isn't available, washing your hands with ash is also an option.
Pay attention to cleanliness as well as saving water.
Cleanliness habits should be developed from childhood.
Children who stay clean are much healthier and more energetic.
Don't forget to flush after using your toilet, okay?
If you see any symptoms of illness, consult a doctor immediately.
Health experts also emphasize the importance of cleanliness.
Being clean is not just about looking good, it's also the foundation of a healthy life.
Pay attention to the cleanliness of every part of your body.
In conclusion, cleanliness is a lifestyle that keeps us all healthy.
Serving the elderly is the duty of all of us.
It is very important to give them their medicine on time.
If they say something, listen carefully.
Elderly people should be given good food.
They should be taken to the doctor regularly.
As people get older, their bodies become weaker.
Create a safe environment for them at home.
It is good to write down the dosage and timing of medicines.
Can the elderly person go to the bathroom by themselves?
Talking with them is good for their mental health.
Because their memory may be weak, it is important to remember the time to give medicine.
If you see any side effects of a medicine, contact a doctor immediately.
Morning medicine is taken after breakfast.
Night medicine is given before sleeping.
Does he have difficulty drinking water?
Help them walk, if they want to.
It's important to take the medicine exactly as the doctor said.
If he doesn't feel hungry, give him light food.
Regular exercise is very important for older people.
You should treat them like a family member.
Does this medicine cause stomach problems?
Protect them from colds and coughs, because their immunity is weak.
Keep the medicine that they take regularly in one place.
It's important to see if they sleep well at night.
Do they feel anxious after taking the medicine?
Elderly people should have regular health checkups.
They should be seated comfortably in a chair or bed.
You shouldn't change the medicine dosage yourself.
It's important to take this medicine with food.
If a dose is missed, ask the doctor before taking the next dose.
They shouldn't feel lonely.
Installing railings on stairs at home is good for elderly people's safety.
Always check the expiration date of the medicine.
They should go to the doctor for check-ups from time to time.
If he feels dizzy, make him sit down.
Is he allergic to this medicine?
You should talk to them nicely and give them respect.
Keep medicine out of children's reach.
If he has any pain, give him medicine or talk to a doctor.
It's good for them to sit in the sun every day for vitamin D.
It's also important to drink enough water with the medicine.
Does he have trouble wearing glasses?
Old people need physical and mental support.
It is important to wash your hands before and after taking medicine.
If the medicine makes him sleepy, don't let him drive.
Tell them good stories and listen to their experiences.
Ask the doctor before cutting or crushing the medicine pills.
It is important for elderly people to have a comfortable bed.
If he has any chronic illnesses, take special care of him.
Keep the medicine prescription in a safe place, so you can look at it again.
Does he have trouble hearing?
Make them wear clean clothes.
Make a regular schedule for taking medicine.
If he faints after taking the medicine, take him to the hospital immediately.
Protect them from loneliness, because it's bad for their health.
Does this medicine cause weight gain?
Encourage them to do what they like.
Remember the name and dose of the medicine properly.
If he has difficulty urinating, consult a doctor.
Keep them in a room with enough light.
If you forget to take the medicine once, don't double the dose.
Does he feel weakness in his body?
Those who take care of the elderly should be patient.
Keep the medicine in a cool and dry place.
If the doctor tells you to start any new medicine, ask before stopping the old one.
Help them to have regular bowel movements.
Has this medicine caused him to cough?
It is good for old people to wear soft slippers, so they don't fall.
Keep the medicine bottle tightly closed, so it doesn't spoil.
If he has difficulty breathing, seek medical help immediately.
Play their favorite music for them.
Does he not like the taste of the medicine?
Those who care for others should also take care of their own health.
Before changing the dose of medicine, be sure to ask the doctor.
Keep them connected with society, because it increases their vitality.
If she sees any new symptoms, she should tell the doctor.
Complete the full course of medicine, even if she is feeling better.
Taking care of the elderly is a great service, which makes their life easier.
Eye care is very important.
Wash your eyes with cold water every day.
Working on mobile or computer for a long time affects the eyes.
If you feel any problem in your eyes, show it to the doctor immediately.
Wear sunglasses to protect your eyes from the bright sunlight.
Care should be taken that dust particles do not get into the child's eyes.
Use enough light while studying, because low light has a bad effect on the eyes.
Carrots and green vegetables are good for the eyes.
If your eye becomes red, it could be a sign of infection.
Avoid itching the eyes, as it can increase infection.
Get your eyes checked regularly to change your glasses number.
The eyes should be rested from time to time.
People who work on screen for a long time should follow the '20-20-20' rule.
If something gets in your eye, don't rub it, but wash it with water.
Diabetes can have a bad effect on the eyes, which can cause vision to weaken.
The more the cataract grows, the more blurry the vision gets.
Drink enough water to prevent dry eyes.
How far can your eyes see clearly?
Eye hygiene is as important as ear hygiene.
If too much wax builds up in the ear, it can be difficult to hear.
Take special care that germs don't get into the ear.
Use earplugs to protect your ears from loud noises.
Children whose ears hurt tend to scratch their ears a lot.
Treating ear infections on time can prevent deafness.
Don't put anything in your ear, it can damage the eardrum.
You should wear earplugs while swimming so that water doesn't get into your ears.
Older people usually have reduced hearing ability.
If you have difficulty hearing, consult a hearing specialist.
Deaf people can hear well with hearing aids.
Tinnitus (ringing in the ears) should be taken seriously.
It is important to diagnose deafness before it occurs.
Ear infections in babies should be shown immediately.
Use headphones at a low volume and for a short time.
When you have an earache, don't put any medicine in it without asking a doctor.
How are your ears, are they healthy or not?
Your skin is the biggest organ in your body.
Cleanliness is very important for healthy skin.
You have to take special care of your skin during summer.
You should protect your skin from the sun.
What things are you allergic to?
Allergies can cause red spots on the skin.
Itching is a common symptom of this disease.
If you itch a lot, consult a doctor.
Some people are allergic to dust.
Pollen can also cause allergies.
Treatment for allergies is possible.
Include nutritious food in your diet, which is good for the skin.
Drink enough water, it keeps the skin hydrated.
If your skin is dry, use moisturizer.
Bathing with very hot water can dry out the skin.
Does your child have allergy problems?
It is better to wash new clothes before wearing them.
Avoid using soap with chemicals.
Natural products are very beneficial for the skin.
If there is any kind of infection on the skin, see a doctor immediately.
Do you feel relief after taking allergy medicine?
Allergies can also cause sneezing and runny nose.
Wash your hands properly after touching animals.
Certain foods can also cause skin allergies.
When you have an allergy, your body reacts.
Neem leaves have medicinal properties, which can be beneficial for itching.
Sandalwood paste cools the skin and reduces itching.
If you are allergic to a particular fabric, don't wear it.
Spending too much time in the sun increases the risk of skin cancer.
Using sunscreen can protect you from harmful UV rays.
You should get regular skin checkups.
Are you allergic to any new products?
Having a history of allergies increases the chance of it happening again in the future.
You can find out the cause of your allergy by getting an allergy test.
If you are having difficulty breathing, it could be a serious allergic reaction.
A dermatologist can treat this problem well.
Allergy shots are effective for some people.
Antihistamine medicine can be used for itching.
Too much stress can also cause skin problems.
Healthy sleep keeps your skin glowing.
If you want to keep your skin glowing, exfoliate to remove dead cells.
People who have eczema, they need to take a lot of care of their skin.
Do a patch test before applying any new cream to a baby.
Eating too much sugar can cause acne problems.
Germs and bacteria can cause skin infections.
If you itch constantly, it could be a sign of some serious illness.
Keep your house clean, because a dirty house can cause allergies.
People who are allergic to pets should stay away from them.
Avoid eating the food that you are allergic to.
Aloe vera gel has cooling properties, which soothes itchy areas.
When mosquitoes bite, that area itches.
Some mosquito nets have chemicals, which can be harmful to the skin.
Changing soap can also cause allergy problems.
Products with artificial fragrances can cause allergies, because they have chemicals.
Does your skin get very dry in the summer or in the winter?
Skin roughness increases in winter days.
Fungal infections are more common in humid places.
It is good to eat fruits and vegetables to keep your body hydrated.
If you are allergic to a particular color, avoid it.
Allergy symptoms can be different in every person.
Some people are allergic to metals, like nickel.
If your skin is sensitive, use fragrance-free products.
If you scratch a lot, the itching can get worse.
Ice is cold, so it can soothe itchy spots when you apply it.
You can also be allergic to laundry detergent.
If you have allergies, you might not sleep well at night.
People with allergies should wash their bedsheets regularly.
Skin health is a reflection of your overall health.
Too much sun makes your skin age faster.
When you see new allergy symptoms, see a doctor right away.
It's better to ask a doctor before trying any home remedies for allergies.
People who have both asthma and eczema need to take extra care.
If you want to take good care of your skin, it's important to understand your skin type.
Is your skin the type that itches a lot after mosquito bites?
If you have blisters on your skin, don't pop them.
Allergic reactions can be serious because they can make it hard to breathe.
Keeping your body clean and bathing regularly is essential for the skin.
Find an alternative for babies who are allergic to milk.
When you have allergies, your eyes might also itch.
If you think you have allergies, pay attention to it.
My stomach is hurting really bad.
Keeping your digestion healthy is very important.
Why are you having indigestion problems?
When I eat too much, my stomach feels heavy.
I drank contaminated water this morning, that's why I'm having vomiting and diarrhea.
Eat fiber-rich foods to avoid constipation.
The doctor said it's a gastric problem.
Are you not feeling hungry?
It's necessary to consult a doctor for stomach problems.
If you have constant stomach pain, it could be a symptom of a serious illness.
Do regular exercise to keep your digestive system healthy.
He had gas in his stomach because he ate too much dalmot.
The child was having vomiting and diarrhea, which was a very worrying situation.
You should stay away from very oily and spicy food.
This medicine gives immediate relief from stomach ache.
My stomach is rumbling.
Breakfast is very important for stomach health.
If you have acidity problems, drink lukewarm water.
If you see blood in your stool, see a doctor immediately.
Does your stomach clear properly or not?
My digestion is slow, so my stomach feels heavy.
He got a stomach infection because of contaminated food.
She's constantly bothered by constipation.
Drinking enough water keeps your digestive system healthy.
Whenever I get stressed, my stomach gets upset.
Is this medicine for stopping vomiting?
My stomach is rumbling.
If you have heartburn, consult a doctor.
Fast food weakens the digestive system.
His digestion is weak because he doesn't eat on time.
Home remedies are also very effective for stomach problems.
I thought I had food poisoning.
If you see symptoms of jaundice, get it checked immediately.
This medicine reduced my stomach ache.
You should eat yogurt and bananas because it's good for the stomach.
A small child should be given ORS solution after vomiting and diarrhea.
Consume carom seeds to get rid of gas problems.
A person who does yoga regularly has a good digestive system.
My stomach is constantly churning.
His stomach got bloated from eating stale bread.
If any medicine upsets your stomach, tell the doctor.
I'm burping because of acidity.
Drinking sugary drinks badly affects the digestive system.
He was feeling unwell because his stomach wasn't clear.
I was advised to drink mint tea for indigestion.
A stomach ulcer is a serious disease that needs treatment.
If you get sour burps, it could be a symptom of acidity.
Eating clean food is very important for stomach health.
He suddenly started vomiting and having diarrhea.
When a child has worms in their stomach, they don't feel hungry.
I thought I had a stomach infection.
You should eat food slowly and chew it well.
This Ayurvedic medicine strengthens the digestive system.
Eating a very heavy meal at night can cause indigestion.
If you have constipation, drink lukewarm water every morning.
I have chest pain along with a burning sensation in my stomach.
Drinking contaminated water can cause serious diseases like cholera.
His whole family got vomiting and diarrhea because they ate at a hotel.
It's important to see a doctor if you have constant stomach pain.
Light and easily digestible food is best for the digestive system.
When I get stressed, my stomach problems get worse.
When are you supposed to take medicine for stomach worms?
Avoid the food that you can't digest.
This medicine prevents gas from forming in the stomach.
Pay special attention to cleanliness to avoid stomach problems.
I think I ate something bad that upset my stomach.
If your diarrhea isn't stopping, go to the hospital.
I'm having stomach cramps along with vomiting.
When I eat too much chili, I get acidity.
He's very weak because he has a stomach ulcer.
After the child got diarrhea, they stopped him from drinking milk.
Do you feel like your stomach is bloated?
Drinking water regularly can prevent constipation.
If your stomach is swollen, avoid cold things.
He was advised to get a stomach checkup because he has constant pain.
I get a burning sensation in my stomach when I take this medicine.
Eat raw salads and fruits to keep the digestive system healthy.
When I eat contaminated food, I get stomach problems.
Taking care of these small things will keep your stomach healthy.
The one who has a healthy stomach, also has a healthy body.
To have good digestion, it's very important to eat a balanced diet.
If your stomach doesn't work well, you can have many health problems.
If you drink warm water in the morning, your digestion will be faster.
Too much oily and spicy food can upset your stomach.
Sometimes, because of indigestion, your stomach can hurt a lot.
If you feel like you're going to throw up, don't eat anything for a while.
If you have diarrhea, drink ORS solution to prevent dehydration.
Stomach ache is common in kids, but if it's happening continuously, you should see a doctor.
Food with fiber makes the digestive system strong.
If you eat food with unwashed hands, germs can go into your stomach and you can get sick.
Bloating is a common problem, which happens from overeating or gas.
He's been having a lot of fever these days.
How many days have you had a cough?
I'm feeling lazy and tired in my body.
His nose is blocked because he has a cold.
If you have a high fever, see a doctor.
I have chickenpox all over my body.
He's having difficulty breathing because his chest hurts.
Because of a stomach ache, he can't eat anything.
Does your leg hurt like this often?
The kid suddenly started having a stomach ache.
If your throat feels scratchy, drink warm water.
I feel like my hands and feet are tingling.
He's been coughing and sneezing constantly.
Sitting for too long can cause back pain.
Is there any swelling anywhere on your body?
I have a fever and my body is shivering.
If the pain doesn't get better even after taking medicine, see the doctor again.
He has a sore in his mouth, which is making it hard to eat.
I'm feeling pressure in my chest, which is a cause for concern.
My eyes are watering because of a cold.
Since when have you been feeling weak?
When he gets up, he feels dizzy.
My stomach is rumbling and I feel nauseous.
He's shivering from the cold because he has a high fever.
If you are having trouble tolerating any pain, see a doctor immediately.
My neck is stiff, making it hard to turn.
The child had a stomach ache all night.
His tooth hurts because he has a cavity.
If you have any injuries on your body, don't ignore them.
I'm sweating, but also feeling cold.
She's not sleeping well because she has a headache.
Her throat is hoarse because of the cough.
Since when have you been having these symptoms?
If you don't feel hungry, it could be a sign of some illness.
My hand joints are aching.
He has frequent diarrhea and also a stomach ache.
Do you feel chest pain when you breathe deeply?
The child's body is hot because of the fever.
I'm itchy and also have red rashes on my body.
If you have a fever, put a cold compress on your forehead.
He has a pulled muscle in his leg, which is making it difficult to walk.
I feel lazy and don't feel like doing anything.
Along with the stomach ache, he's also vomiting.
Are you feeling dizzy?
If you have swelling in your body, consult a doctor.
My waist is hurting a lot.
He's having trouble digesting food because his stomach is upset.
I can't sleep well at night because of the cough.
My body aches so much that it's unbearable.
If you're constantly sneezing, use a handkerchief.
He's feeling a burning sensation in his stomach.
My elbow is hurting.
He felt a little better after taking cold medicine.
Does it hurt at any particular time?
When your bones hurt, the body becomes weak.
I feel a heaviness in my chest.
He's having a hard time concentrating because of a headache.
If you don't feel hungry, eat light food.
My back is constantly stabbing.
His voice is hoarse because of a cold.
My eyes are burning and red.
If you're sweating a lot, drink plenty of water.
His body is having muscle cramps.
I have gas pain in my stomach.
Is there any redness on your body anywhere?
When a child has a fever, their mouth gets dry.
I feel a tingling sensation in my head.
He can't sleep at night because of coughing.
If you're having difficulty breathing, contact emergency services immediately.
My throat is constantly scratchy.
He's having body aches and finding it hard to walk.
Do you have a fever and a rash on your body?
My stomach is cramping and it hurts a lot.
If you're feeling weak, eat nutritious food.
She feels like her head is heavy.
My joints hurt, especially in the winter.
When your stomach is upset, drink plenty of fluids.
I have pain in my lower abdomen.
Due to the fever, his body feels numb and lethargic.
I'm going to the doctor today.
I have an appointment with the doctor.
I'm not feeling well, so I'm seeing a doctor.
The doctor is available from ten in the morning to five in the evening.
Is the doctor available today, because I need to see him?
I felt like I should go to the doctor.
If you have a high fever, consult a doctor immediately.
The hospital is very clean, and the environment there is also peaceful.
The nurses are very kind and they explain everything.
I'm sitting in the doctor's waiting room, because it's not my turn yet.
The doctor checked me and prescribed medicine.
You have to take this medicine twice a day, just like the doctor said.
Since when have you been having this problem that you've come here for?
The doctor told me I need complete rest.
I see many patients in the hospital who have come for their treatment.
My shoulder is hurting.
You should see a doctor.
I need to go to the hospital.
Nurses are very nice.
Where is the doctor's clinic?
I need to see the doctor now.
He has opened a new hospital.
The nurse takes care of the patient.
The doctor prescribed me some medicine.
A new ICU has been built in the hospital.
The nurse gives the patient an injection.
I already had my appointment with the doctor.
The nurse checked my temperature.
My friend is admitted to the hospital.
The nurse works the night shift.
The doctor told me to get some tests done.
The hospital has a lot of modern equipment.
Nurses are very hardworking.
I booked an appointment with the doctor.
The doctor told me to exercise regularly.
The hospital bill was very high.
I recovered quickly because of the nurse's care.
How much does the doctor's fee cost me?
I am going to see the doctor today.
My stomach is hurting right now.
If you have a persistent fever, it is important to see a doctor.
Many types of specialist doctors are available in the hospital.
The nurse is very kind and she takes good care of the patients.
He was sent to a hospital in another city for treatment.
When I went to see the doctor, he prescribed some medicine for me.
I was waiting for the nurse to get my medicine.
The doctor advised me to rest for a few days.
He is still in the hospital after the surgery.
The nurse helped me measure my blood pressure.
You should write down the symptoms before seeing the doctor.
He was immediately admitted to the emergency department.
We should listen to the nurse's advice, because they are experienced.
I need to take time to see the doctor again.
The doctor diagnosed the disease after looking at the test report.
A new facility was inaugurated at the hospital.
The nurse told me the dosage and timing of the medicine.
Patients who are serious are kept in the ICU.
I should get checked at the hospital here, because my health is not good.
You should consult a doctor immediately.
Tomorrow I will take a doctor's appointment.
Why did you have to go to the hospital?
My head is hurting a lot, so I am going to the doctor.
If you have a fever, see a doctor immediately.
The hospital was very crowded, because many people were sick.
The nurses were very kind and took good care of me.
He had to have an operation, because he had a serious problem in his stomach.
My friend is a doctor, so I will consult with him.
When my stomach hurts, I go to the doctor immediately.
The doctor prescribed me medicine for two days.
They admitted her to the hospital.
Are you still not feeling well today?
This is a government hospital, treatment is cheaper here.
I had to pay the doctor's fees.
The nurse gave me an injection, but it didn't hurt.
You have to take this medicine twice a day.
If you have any problems, you can call the nurse.
My mother listened carefully to everything the doctor said.
There's a new facility in the hospital, which is beneficial for patients.
Do you need to talk to the doctor?
He was feeling very weak, so the doctor advised him to rest.
The doctor said my report will be available by next week.
The nurse checked my blood pressure every day.
My child was playing in the hospital while I was talking to the doctor.
The doctor who saw me was very experienced.
What was the diagnosis of your illness?
The doctor told me I should eat a balanced diet.
Emergency services are available 24 hours in the hospital.
When I went to the doctor, he was very busy.
This medicine that the doctor prescribed made me feel better.
His operation was successful, and he is okay today.
The nurse gave me water to take the medicine.
The doctor told me I should do regular exercise.
If you have chest pain, don't delay and go to the doctor.
Our neighbor is admitted to the hospital because he has a serious injury.
The doctor told me I should get regular checkups.
The nurse gave me all the information about the medicine.
Do you have health insurance or not?
He who was talking to the doctor was my uncle.
Many modern equipments are available in the hospital.
The doctor told me I should quit smoking.
I had to get a blood test at the hospital today.
When the doctor checked me, I felt a little relieved.
The nurse who was on duty helped me a lot.
You should ask the doctor which medicine is best for you.
The hospital had a quiet environment when I went there.
I got discharged from the hospital, and I arrived home.
The nurse came to change my bandage.
Here during monsoon, we get more snake bite patients than landslide victims.
In this primary health center, antihypertensive medicines are easily available, but not painkillers.
In the village, it's harder to treat accident victims than those injured by electric shock.
We get a lot of heart patients here, but stroke patients need more facilities.
Saving a poisoned patient is as challenging as treating a burn victim.
Reviving a drowning patient is more important than treating a bone fracture.
Anaphylaxis due to allergies needs to be treated as quickly as a heart attack.
We have enough common painkillers in our health post, but it's hard to get antidepressants.
Here, we have more patients with skin infections than stomachaches.
Old people are more likely to have strokes than children are to get sick.
The danger from snake bites is higher in this village than from other poisonings.
Giving first aid to accident victims is more important than taking them to the hospital.
There's as little information about stroke in rural areas as there is about heart attacks.
Taking a poisoned patient to the hospital immediately is more important than giving medicine to someone with a normal stomachache.
Giving painkillers to burn patients is a higher priority than putting a cast on a broken bone.
Saving a patient who is unconscious from electric shock is as difficult as saving someone unconscious from drowning.
Giving oxygen to a patient with anaphylaxis is more important than giving paracetamol to a patient with a fever.
Snake bite medicine is as necessary as other emergency medicines.
Getting a heart attack patient to the hospital immediately is more important than giving medicine to a patient with a normal headache.
Stroke patients might need treatment faster than patients with other illnesses.
There are more deaths from accidents here than from poisoning.
The harm caused by snakebite patients not getting treatment on time is more than in other accidents.
The sooner a heart attack patient is taken to the hospital, the greater the chance of survival. The same should be done for stroke patients.
Saving a poisoned patient is as difficult as saving a patient who has been electrocuted.
It takes longer to heal burn patients than it does to heal patients with broken bones.
You have to be more careful treating anaphylaxis than other allergies.
Painkillers are easier to find than antihypertensive drugs.
There are fewer patients coming in with stomach problems than with skin problems here.
The demand for ORS is higher than for other medicines in this health post.
Arranging an ambulance to take accident victims to the hospital is more important than giving medicine to ordinary patients.
Giving anti-venom to snakebite patients is more important than giving other medicines.
Giving oxygen to heart attack patients is more necessary than for patients with headaches.
Getting a poisoned patient to the hospital is as important as getting an electrocuted patient there.
Giving painkillers to burn patients is as necessary as it is for patients with broken bones.
The medicine used to treat anaphylaxis is more expensive than other medicines.
People worry more when children have a fever than when old people have a stroke.
Snakebite patients in the village probably have more problems than those who have been poisoned.
Taking accident victims to the hospital immediately is more important than giving medicine to ordinary patients.
Treating snakebite patients is as challenging as treating poisoned patients.
The painkillers available here are more effective than antihypertensives.
It's harder to save a patient with anaphylaxis compared to a patient with skin allergies.
It's more urgent to get a stroke patient to the hospital than a patient with a headache.
Antihypertensive medicines are as available as antidepressant medicines are less available.
There's not as much pressure from patients coming with skin problems as there is from patients coming with stomach pain.
ORS is as necessary for patients with diarrhea as it isn't for others.
Putting a plaster on a patient with a broken bone is more complex than giving regular pain relief medicine.
Treating a patient injured by electric shock is riskier than treating a patient who has taken poison.
Bringing a drowned, unconscious patient back to consciousness is as hard as treating a patient with a broken bone isn't.
Giving oxygen to a patient with anaphylaxis is as necessary as giving paracetamol to a patient with a fever isn't.
Mom, taking too much medicine at this age can affect your stomach, so don't take painkillers without consulting a doctor.
Grandpa's eyesight might be weak because of his age, get his eyes checked immediately, otherwise it will be very difficult.
Dad, don't ignore joint pain, it could be a sign of osteoporosis.
Falling and getting injured at this age can be very risky, so be careful when walking around the house.
Sister, Grandma is showing signs of Alzheimer's, if you don't treat it in time, the complications can increase.
Mom, asthma problems can increase at this age, so don't forget to use your inhaler from time to time.
Son, if Dad has trouble seeing well at night, take him to the hospital immediately.
Grandma's hearing is getting weaker, if you don't get it checked in time, it will be difficult to talk to others.
As you get older, your body gets weaker, so eat a balanced diet and exercise regularly.
Excessive use of painkillers can affect the kidneys, so don't take them without consulting a doctor.
Dad has diabetes, so control your intake of sugary foods, otherwise the disease may worsen.
Grandma has high blood pressure, it can be dangerous if she doesn't take her medicine regularly.
Constipation is normal at this age, but don't ignore it, eat fiber-rich foods.
Grandpa has a prostate problem, if not treated on time, he might have trouble peeing.
Dad is showing symptoms of Parkinson's, take him to a neurologist right away.
Grandma's memory problem is getting worse because of dementia, be patient and give her love.
As you get older, immunity decreases, so take precautions to avoid infections.
Dad has trouble sleeping at night, it could be a sign of depression, take him to a psychiatrist.
Grandma has itchy skin, it could be due to allergies, take her to a dermatologist right away.
Bones become weak with age, so eat calcium-rich foods and sit in the sun regularly.
Dad has an ulcer, don't give him spicy food, otherwise his stomach pain may increase.
Grandma has a heart problem, keep her away from oily food.
The body can get dehydrated in old age, so drink plenty of water.
Dad has a high risk of pneumonia, protect him from the cold and get him vaccinated on time.
Grandma has a wound on her leg due to diabetes, if not dressed regularly, the infection can spread.
Teeth become weak in old age, so let her eat soft foods and pay attention to oral hygiene.
Dad has a thyroid problem, take the medicine regularly, otherwise it can have serious health effects.
To reduce grandma's joint pain, apply warm water, but don't make it too hot.
Walking too much at this age can cause knee pain, so walk only after resting.
Dad's prostate is enlarged, there is a risk of urinary retention, see a doctor immediately.
Grandma has a stomach ache due to constipation, let her eat fiber-rich foods.
Muscles get weak in old age, so exercise slowly.
Dad is suspected of having cancer, get a biopsy done immediately.
Grandma is having trouble recognizing people because of Alzheimer's, be patient.
Don't forget to get vaccinated because immunity decreases in old age.
Dad has a headache because of high blood pressure, call the doctor immediately.
Grandma's vision is blurry because of diabetes, show her to an eye doctor.
Hearing becomes weak in old age, so speak loudly.
Dad is having trouble walking because of Parkinson's, help him walk with support.
Grandma forgets to eat because of dementia, remind her from time to time.
There is a risk of dehydration in old age, so remind them to drink water regularly.
Dad has a stomach ache because of an ulcer, don't give him oily and spicy food.
Grandma has a heart problem, keep her away from stress.
There is a risk of pneumonia in old age, so protect them from the cold.
Dad has become weak because of cancer, give him nutritious food to eat.
Grandma has a wound on her leg because of diabetes, clean it regularly.
Teeth become weak in old age, so give them soft food.
Dad has gained weight because of thyroid, take medicine according to the doctor's advice.
Make Grandma do regular exercise to reduce joint pain, but not too hard.
Taking too many medicines as you get older can have negative effects on the body, so prioritize Ayurvedic treatment.
Lab technician: The fever seems to have subsided, but why are they so weak?
Lab technician: Is the headache getting better, or is the medicine not working yet?
Lab technician: If you feel nauseous, let's tell the doctor, okay?
Lab technician: I heard you vomited last night too, what did you eat?
Lab technician: The cough hasn't gone away yet, you should get your chest checked.
Lab technician: Do you feel more tired than usual?
Lab technician: Pay attention to see if your body is swollen.
Lab technician: If you see any bleeding, tell me immediately.
Lab technician: Check carefully to see if there are rashes on your body.
Lab technician: If you feel difficulty breathing, tell me, I'll put you on oxygen.
Lab technician: Your heart rate seems a bit high, should we do an ECG?
Lab technician: Do you feel like your mind is weak, or is there some other problem?
Lab technician: If your joints hurt, I'll give you some pain medication.
Lab technician: If your bones hurt, we need to check your calcium level.
Lab technician: Should we adjust the insulin level? Let's consult with the doctor.
Lab technician: Is the blood pressure medicine working or not? Let's check.
Lab technician: Have you been using the inhaler regularly?
Lab technician: If you have a fever, take paracetamol, but don't take too much.
Lab technician: We need to do some tests to find out the reason for the sudden weight loss.
Lab technician: Long-term cough can also cause weight loss.
Lab technician: Maybe you're feeling tired because of a lack of blood in your body.
Lab technician: If you rest as much as the doctor said, the fever will go down.
Lab technician: Drink a little water to reduce the headache.
Lab technician: The doctor has prescribed medicine to stop the nausea.
Lab technician: Take this medicine to stop vomiting.
Lab technician: For cough, mix honey in warm water and drink it.
Lab technician: Plenty of rest is needed to reduce fatigue.
Lab technician: Applying ice to the swollen area will provide relief.
Lab technician: Keep applying pressure to stop the bleeding.
Lab technician: Apply lotion to the rash.
Lab technician: If you have difficulty breathing, wear an oxygen mask.
Lab technician: If you have heart problems, don't eat salty foods.
Lab technician: Meditate to relax the mind.
Lab technician: Use warm water to relieve joint pain.
Lab technician: Eat calcium-rich foods to strengthen bones.
Lab technician: Inject insulin on time, otherwise it will be difficult.
Lab technician: Reduce stress to keep blood pressure under control.
Lab technician: Always keep the inhaler with you, it may be needed.
Lab technician: If the fever doesn't go down, take paracetamol.
Lab technician: Further testing may be needed to find out the cause of the weight loss.
Lab technician: You have both fever and weight loss, let's tell the doctor.
Lab technician: You might be tired and lost weight, so take rest.
Lab technician: Will this medicine reduce the headache after taking it?
Lab technician: If you feel too nauseous, we'll ask the doctor and give you another medicine.
Lab technician: If the cough doesn't get better, you'll have to get an X-ray.
Lab technician: Should I take vitamin medicine to relieve fatigue?
Lab technician: How much relief do you get when you apply medicine to the swollen area?
Lab technician: If the bleeding doesn't stop, call the doctor immediately.
Lab technician: You have a lot of rashes, should I give you allergy medicine?
Lab technician: If you have difficulty breathing, the oxygen level should be increased.
Turns out I needed a referral letter to get a blood test at the lab, I didn't know before.
If I had renewed my health insurance, the checkup would have been free today, I forgot and suffered.
I had my eyes checked during a health camp in the village, now it's easier to wear glasses.
When I called the emergency helpline to call an ambulance, it arrived immediately, and my life was saved.
After being troubled by stomach pain, I showed the doctor through telemedicine, took medicine and got well.
When I went to buy medicine, antihypertensive was very expensive, I had a lot of out-of-pocket expenses.
The lab technician said that the blood test report will be given tomorrow.
Since a problem was found in the lungs during the examination, the doctor sent me for further tests.
I heard that healthcare is free, but here it seems to cost money.
This medicine is an antibiotic, take it if the fever doesn't go down.
Since I can't get checked without a referral, I have to go to the health post.
Even with the health insurance card, had to wait in a long line at the lab.
I heard the rural municipality gives free health service, but they are charging money here.
If I knew the emergency helpline number, I could have called the ambulance on time.
Because of the telemedicine service, we can see a specialist doctor even while staying in the village.
The antifungal medicine the doctor prescribed wasn't available at the pharmacy, gotta check another one.
The report showed a blood infection, so I need to get further treatment.
After the checkup, the doctor said the eye problem is serious.
Got an ulcer in my stomach, found out during the health camp checkup.
The lab didn't agree to do the test because I didn't have a referral letter, what to do now?
Paid for health insurance but suffered because I didn't renew it on time.
If the government gave free health service, it would be a big relief for poor people.
It was very difficult to get the patient to the hospital because we couldn't find an ambulance.
After the telemedicine service became effective in the village, many patients have found relief.
Had to take a loan to buy expensive antihypertensive medicine.
Something seems wrong in the blood test report from the lab.
Came for a checkup after my vision got blurry, the doctor advised me to wear glasses.
Came to the hospital after a stomach ache, the doctor checked me and gave me medicine.
Looks like I need a recommendation from the ward office to get free health service.
Even with health insurance, it was difficult to get a bed in the hospital.
The disease was detected during the health camp checkup, my life was saved.
The patient's condition worsened because the ambulance didn't arrive on time.
Because of the telemedicine service, villagers have less hassle of going to the city.
After the fever didn't go down, the doctor advised taking paracetamol.
When I got tested at the lab, it showed high blood sugar.
Eye surgery seems to cost a lot.
I had a stomach problem and had to pay a big bill at the hospital, the out-of-pocket expense was too much.
Having health insurance made it easy to pay the hospital bill.
When I called the emergency helpline number, I got help right away.
I was happy to hear the news that a health camp is coming to the village.
The doctor gave me antibiotic medicine, but I'm worried about the side effects.
After the check-up, the doctor said I need to get a lung X-ray.
The lab refused to test my blood because I came without a referral, what to do now?
I forgot to renew my health insurance, so now I have to pay a high fee.
Because I didn't know about the free health service, I spent a lot of money.
I called many times for an ambulance, but couldn't get one.
It was difficult to consult with the doctor through telemedicine service due to internet problems.
After starting to take antifungal medicine, I got a skin allergy.
The lab report showed low hemoglobin in the blood.
I came to see the doctor because I'm having trouble working due to eye problems.
There are complaints that diabetic patients are being careless by not taking medicine on time.
Many people said their problem got worse because they didn't take their high blood pressure medicine regularly.
Many people are complaining that their tuberculosis medicine isn't working even while taking it.
Patients said they felt weak even after recovering from malaria.
There are complaints of body aches even after recovering from dengue fever.
Many people are complaining that they got infected even after getting the COVID-19 vaccine.
Patients say it feels like the typhoid medicine isn't working.
There are complaints of medicine shortages due to the cholera outbreak.
Patients say they are having problems because hepatitis treatment is expensive.
There are complaints that it is difficult to get medicine because leptospirosis infection has increased.
Many people keep asking for the same medicine for itchy skin problems.
Patients say they are annoyed by the side effects of heart medicine.
More and more people are coming in with complaints of poor memory.
Many patients complain of muscle pain.
Many women complain of stomach pain after taking iron tablets.
Asthma patients have complained about not getting inhalers on time.
Patients say they feel dizzy from blood pressure medicine.
There are complaints that side effects from antiretroviral drugs make it difficult to work.
There are complaints that foot wounds are not healing due to diabetes.
Patients say they get headaches from high blood pressure medicine.
Many people complain of nausea from tuberculosis medicine.
Patients say they have blurred vision because of the malaria medicine.
There's a complaint that dengue treatment is expensive, so it's a problem.
Many people said they can't buy the COVID-19 medicine because it's expensive.
There's a complaint of feeling weak even after the typhoid fever is gone.
Many people are complaining about not getting the vaccine to prevent cholera.
There's a complaint that even though they have hepatitis symptoms, they can't get tested.
There's a complaint that there's a problem because there isn't enough medicine for leptospirosis.
Patients say it feels like the skin allergy medicine isn't working.
Many people are complaining about not getting medicine for increased heart rate.
Many old people complain that they feel like their brain is weak.
There's a complaint that there's a problem because there's no medicine for weak muscles.
Many women complain that they get constipated when they take iron tablets.
There's a complaint of having difficulty breathing even when using an inhaler.
There's a complaint that blood pressure isn't controlled even when taking blood pressure medicine.
There's a complaint that antiretroviral medicine makes the body weak.
There's a complaint that there's a problem because the price of diabetes medicine has increased.
Many people are complaining that there's no one to give advice about high blood pressure.
There's a complaint that treatment is delayed because tuberculosis medicine isn't available on time.
Many people are complaining about the lack of mosquito nets to prevent malaria.
There's a complaint that it's a problem because it's expensive to get tested for dengue.
There's a complaint that people are scared because of the misinformation spreading about COVID-19.
There's a complaint that it's a problem because typhoid medicine is not easily available.
Many people are complaining that there's no one to give information about cholera.
There's a complaint that there's no arrangement for vaccination to prevent hepatitis.
There's a complaint that people are scared because they don't have information about leptospirosis.
Many people are complaining that they don't have money to buy medicine for skin infections.
There's a complaint that there's no special medicine for heart patients.
Many people are complaining that there's no good medicine for memory.
There's a complaint that there's no effective medicine to reduce muscle pain.
I came to get checked because I'm worried that my period problems might be affecting my uterus.
I came to the district hospital to get information about family planning.
Doctor, I came for consultation because it looks like I have symptoms of an STD.
I heard that safe abortion services are available here, so I came.
I found out that I should get vaccinated to prevent cervical cancer, so I came to ask.
I've been trying for a long time but haven't been able to have a baby, so I came for an infertility checkup.
I'm really bothered by stomach pain during my period, what should I do?
I want to use temporary family planning methods, which one is good?
I suspect my husband has an STD, so I came for testing.
I've had a lot of health problems after an unsafe abortion, so I came for help.
Please give me information on how to screen for cervical cancer.
I'm thinking of not having kids, so I came to learn about permanent sterilization.
I'm really worried because my period is irregular, so I came to find out the reason.
Please advise me on what kind of family planning method is suitable for me.
What precautions should be taken to avoid sexually transmitted diseases?
How can abortion be done safely, please tell me.
What are the symptoms of cervical cancer?
Is infertility treated here?
What problems occur during menopause?
I hear that using family planning methods increases obesity, is this true?
What are the effects of having a sexually transmitted disease?
If I need to have an abortion, until when is it safe?
What should be done to prevent cervical cancer?
What could be the cause of infertility?
How to maintain hygiene during menstruation?
Where can I find family planning methods?
Where is sexually transmitted disease treated?
What kind of food should I eat after an abortion?
How to check for cervical cancer?
How much does infertility treatment cost?
Since my period is irregular, should I take medicine?
I brought a friend to learn about family planning.
What kind of behavior should we do to avoid STDs?
What documents are needed for safe abortion services?
How is cervical cancer treated?
What should be done to solve infertility problems?
How often should I change the pad I use during menstruation?
What happens if you don't use family planning methods?
What should I do immediately if I see symptoms of STDs?
How many days does it take to rest after an abortion?
At what age should the cervical cancer vaccine be given?
How long should infertility treatment last?
What are some home remedies to reduce pain during menstruation?
What are the side effects of temporary family planning methods?
Can we organize a program to provide information about STDs?
Is abortion service free or does it cost money?
What should be done to raise awareness about cervical cancer in the village?
There is a lot of stress at home due to infertility, please give me some advice.
Is it okay to do yoga during menstruation?
Does using family planning methods cause problems having children in the future?
If the patient has difficulty breathing or shows symptoms of anaphylaxis, administer epinephrine immediately.
If someone's bitten by a snake, before taking them to the hospital, put pressure on the bite and keep it still.
If a child gets an electric shock, immediately switch off the main switch and call a doctor.
If someone has a heart attack, call an ambulance right away and give first aid.
If you suspect someone has ingested poison, take them to the hospital immediately and get doctor's advice.
Clean and bandage the wounds of those injured in an accident and inform the nearest health post.
Immediately pour cold water on the burn and then cover it with a clean cloth.
If you suspect a bone fracture, apply a splint immediately and take them to the hospital.
Immediately pull a drowning person out of the water and try to give artificial respiration.
If a patient seems to have a stroke, take them to the hospital immediately; timely treatment reduces the danger.
If a child accidentally eats medicine or ingests poison, inform the doctor immediately.
If someone becomes unconscious from electric shock, start CPR immediately.
If symptoms of anaphylaxis appear, give the patient oxygen immediately.
Keep a snakebite victim calm and keep the bitten area below the heart.
If you see someone having a heart attack, start chest compressions immediately.
Get stroke patients to the hospital as soon as possible; every minute is important.
Don't let a poisoned patient eat or drink anything until they reach the hospital.
Cover a drowning person with a warm blanket and try to keep their body temperature normal.
Don't put ice on a burn; it can cause further damage.
Keep a broken bone straight and avoid moving it unnecessarily.
Check the breathing and blood pressure of a patient with anaphylaxis regularly.
To avoid snake bites, be careful and wear boots when working in the fields.
To avoid heart attack, adopt a healthy lifestyle and exercise regularly.
To reduce the risk of stroke, keep your blood pressure and cholesterol under control.
To avoid poisoning, keep pesticides in a safe place at home.
To avoid electric shock, do not touch electrical wires with bare hands.
If someone has anaphylaxis, immediately keep them away from the allergen.
Do not move a snakebite victim too much, it can spread the venom faster.
If you see symptoms of a heart attack, contact a doctor immediately; timely treatment can save lives.
If a stroke patient has difficulty speaking or walking, take them to the hospital immediately.
Do not try to induce vomiting in a poisoned person, it can cause further damage.
Keep a drowning person warm and place them in a suitable position to make breathing easier.
Consult a doctor before applying medicine to a burn.
Give pain medication before applying a plaster cast to a broken bone.
Turn off the power source before touching someone who has been electrocuted.
If someone has anaphylaxis due to a food allergy, give them an epinephrine injection immediately.
Do not do any home remedies on a snakebite, take them to the hospital immediately.
If someone is having a heart attack, have them chew aspirin immediately, it prevents blood clots.
Keep the stroke patient calm and prepare to take them to the hospital immediately.
If someone has ingested poison, tell the doctor the name of the poison, it will help with treatment.
If you get an electric shock and have chest pain or difficulty breathing, go to the hospital immediately.
If you suspect someone is having anaphylaxis, give them life-saving medicine right away.
If a bone breaks in an accident, contact the nearest health facility immediately.
To avoid a heart attack, don't eat oily and unhealthy food.
When taking a patient bitten by a snake to the hospital, take a photo or information about the snake that bit them.
Give first aid to those injured by electric shock and move them to a safe place.
To avoid anaphylaxis, stay away from foods or things that cause allergies.
Start treating patients who have taken poison as soon as they arrive at the hospital.
If the patient has trouble breathing, prepare to give artificial respiration.
There are many patients with injuries from the flood, we need to do an X-ray to check their bones.
A patient who came to the emergency room has chest pain, so it seems we need to do an ECG.
Pregnant women have also been affected by the floods, so we need to arrange pregnancy check-ups immediately.
Most of the patients who have come to this camp need pain medication.
It seems we need to test the stool of the patient who came with a stomach ache, there might be a cholera outbreak.
This child has a continuous fever, so they need to have a blood test.
We need to test the sputum of the patient who came with a cough.
The patient who is having difficulty breathing needs an inhaler immediately.
Since there is a stomach problem, an ultrasound may be needed.
Many patients have infections, so antibiotics may be needed.
The stool of patients with diarrhea should be tested.
It seems we need to check the liver of the patient who came with a stomach ache.
The infection might be from the dirty flood water, so let's do a blood test.
The patient with the swollen leg might need a joint x-ray.
The patient who was in the flood might have pneumonia, we should do a chest x-ray.
The fever hasn't gone down, so we might need a CT scan.
Since they've had a cough for many days, we need to do a sputum test for TB.
We need to do a pregnancy test for the woman who came in with a stomach ache.
We suspect a broken arm, so we need to do an x-ray.
We suspect this patient has pneumonia, let's do a sputum test.
We need to look at the ECG report of the patient who came in with chest pain and then do further treatment.
Looks like we need to do a blood test because of the injuries from the flood.
We need to do a blood test to find out what kind of infection this patient has.
The patient with a headache might need a CT scan.
Their joints might be hurting from walking a lot in the flood, we should give them pain medication.
There seems to be a problem in the stomach, so we might need to do an ultrasound.
It looks like there's an injury to the leg bone, we should do an x-ray.
We suspect this child has pneumonia, let's do a sputum test.
We should give an inhaler immediately to the patient having trouble breathing.
Since they've had a cough for a long time, it looks like we need to do a sputum test.
We need to do an ultrasound for the patient who came in with a stomach ache.
Since they have a continuous fever, we need to do a blood test.
We should give antibiotics to patients who were submerged in the flood to prevent infection.
This woman seems like she needs a pregnancy checkup.
We need to do an X-ray for patients with multiple injuries.
Since skin infections are seen in flood victims, we might need to give antibiotic cream.
We need to check the liver of the patient who came with a stomach ache.
We should check the blood of patients who are very weak.
The condition of the patient brought by the flood is serious, we should do a CT scan.
It seems like we need to do an ECG for the patient who came with chest pain.
We should give pain medication to the patient with swollen legs.
Everyone who comes to this camp needs a health checkup, especially pregnancy checks.
Due to the flood, many people have diarrhea, so we should test their stool.
The patient with body tremors might need an MRI to check their nerves.
We might need to give antiparasitic medicine to the patient who was trapped in the flood.
We should do an X-ray to check the bones of the patient with back pain.
We should do a chest X-ray of the patient who was buried by the flood.
We need to do an X-ray for the patient who has a hand injury.
The flood might have brought poisonous insect bites that caused an infection, let's do a blood test.
This child has a fever, let's do a blood test and see what's wrong.
Paracetamol gives fever patients as much relief as it doesn't give to patients with a cold and cough.
The infection spread in the flooded area has increased stomach pain problems more than other times.
For a headache patient, rest helps more than just medicine.
For a patient feeling extremely tired, rest and nutritious food helps more than just medicine.
For a patient with increased asthma, an inhaler gives more immediate relief than other medicines.
For a patient with a cough, home remedies give more relief than taking random medicines.
For AIDS patients, antiretrovirals control the disease more than other medicines.
Skin allergy problems are seen more in flood victims than in normal times.
For a patient whose body aches due to fever, a warm bath gives more relief than other remedies.
For a patient vomiting continuously, Jeevan Jal helps more than other medicines.
Breathing problems are seen more in people affected by floods than in normal times.
For a patient with a stomach ache, home remedies help more, it's not as easy when you can't go to the hospital.
The number of fever patients has increased so much in this village, it was never like this before.
For a patient with diarrhea due to contaminated water from the floods, Jeevan Jal helps more than other medicines.
For asthma patients, inhalers give more relief, it's not as easy when the hospital is far.
For a patient with a cough, honey and ginger juice gives more relief than cold water.
Home remedies can be more effective in reducing swelling in the body, medicine alone may not be as effective.
When you're tired, rest gives more refreshment than tea or coffee.
The dirt after the floods has increased skin allergy problems so much, it won't decrease unless you pay attention to cleanliness.
For a patient with a stomach ache, applying warm water gives more relief than cold water.
When you have a headache, sleep gives more relief than other remedies.
Due to the floods, the number of patients with stomach aches and diarrhea has increased so much, it wasn't like this before.
Paracetamol works for fever patients, but not as well if you take it on an empty stomach.
Home remedies help with vomiting more than outside medicine might.
Warm liquids help a coughing patient more than cold stuff.
Nutritious food gives strength to a weak patient more than just medicine.
Oxygen makes it easier for a patient having trouble breathing, more than other medicines.
Cleanliness helps reduce skin rashes more than randomly applying creams.
The flood's dirty water has increased stomach pain problems, but it won't be as bad if you drink boiled water.
Drinking enough water gives more relief to a headache patient than other things might.
A fever patient recovers faster with rest than if they work.
Oral rehydration solution helps a diarrhea patient recover faster than other medicines.
Home remedies give more relief to a coughing patient than taking random medicines.
The flood's dirty water has increased itchy skin allergies, but it won't be as bad if you pay attention to cleanliness.
Home treatment gives more relief to a stomach ache patient, but it's not as easy when the hospital is far.
Rest gives more refreshment when tired, but tea and coffee only give that temporarily.
Oxygen helps a patient having trouble breathing more than other medicines.
There are more fever patients in the post-flood period than at other times.
Bathing in hot water gives more relief to a patient with body aches than other remedies.
Oral rehydration solution helps a vomiting patient more than other medicines.
Home remedies are more effective for reducing skin rashes than using random medicines.
There are more patients with stomach pain in the flood-affected areas than at other times.
For fever patients, paracetamol gives more relief than other medicines.
For cough patients, honey and ginger help more than cold water.
Breathing problems are seen more in flood-affected patients than in normal times.
The flood washed away my toothbrush, so I came here to learn about oral hygiene.
The toothache didn't let my son sleep last night, so I brought him to the emergency ward.
After his tooth decayed and hurt a lot, Dad asked for pain medication.
In this disaster, we should pay attention to oral care to avoid tooth extractions.
Many patients who come to the hospital are suffering from gum disease.
After the flood, many people are having dental problems due to dirty water.
Children should be taught to use fluoride toothpaste.
If you don't pay attention to dental hygiene, you'll have bleeding gums.
Due to food shortages caused by the flood, the risk of tooth decay has increased.
In an emergency, home remedies can be used to reduce toothache.
It is necessary to provide dental treatment services in the flood-affected area.
People who come to the camp should be informed about how to keep their teeth clean.
To maintain good oral health, you should brush your teeth regularly.
After finding out that my daughter had a cavity, I immediately brought her to the hospital.
Precautions should be taken to prevent infection when extracting a tooth.
Due to the floods, many people haven't paid attention to their dental health.
Using fluoride helps to strengthen teeth.
To avoid gum disease, you should get your mouth checked regularly.
It's hard to eat because of the toothache.
Lack of hygiene increases the risk of tooth decay.
Many people lost their tooth cleaning supplies because of the flood.
My gums are swollen, it's probably a symptom of gum disease.
To reduce toothache, you should rinse with warm salt water.
It takes a few days for the wound to heal after a tooth extraction.
Children should be taught about dental hygiene from a young age.
Lack of fluoride makes teeth weak.
Gum disease can also affect other parts of the body.
I came here for treatment after being bothered by a toothache.
It is difficult to maintain oral hygiene in an emergency.
Drinking fluoridated water is good for your teeth.
I couldn't sleep all night because of the toothache.
If gum disease is not treated in time, it can lead to complications.
The doctor should examine properly before extracting a tooth.
Immediate action should be taken to reduce the impact of the flood on dental health.
The use of fluoride strengthens teeth and prevents tooth decay.
To avoid gum disease, you should eat less sugary food.
Painkillers can be used to reduce toothache.
We should provide dental hygiene supplies in the emergency camps.
To prevent tooth decay, you should consult a dentist from time to time.
Gum disease weakens teeth and can cause them to fall out.
I heard tooth extraction is very painful, but it wasn't.
Dental health camps should be conducted in flood-affected areas.
Using the correct amount of fluoride keeps teeth healthy.
If you have gum disease, you also have bad breath.
Clove oil can be used to reduce toothache.
It is difficult to get dental treatment in an emergency.
I have a cavity in my tooth, what should I do now?
If you have gum disease, the doctor may prescribe antibiotics.
The doctor explained everything before extracting the tooth.
Many people are suffering from dental problems due to the floods.
Counseling is more effective than medicine for anxiety.
Depression medicine helps you relax, but it doesn't help you find the root of the problem as much as counseling does.
I need to figure out if this chest pain is due to stress, or if the stress is due to a heart problem.
In villages, they say mental health problems are caused by ghosts, but maybe it's just a symptom of anxiety!
This suicide prevention campaign should be as effective in the village as it is in the city.
Psychosocial rehabilitation is as important as family support when treating drug addiction.
I think community mental health programs are more necessary in villages than in cities because there is a lack of awareness there.
This antiretroviral medicine controls the disease, but the stress it gives can add more problems.
Iron tablets might give some physical relief to depression patients, but mentally, they still need counseling.
For this anxiety problem, this inhaler gives you a little more relief than other medicines.
High blood pressure medicine might control blood pressure, but counseling is necessary to reduce stress.
Chest pain caused by anxiety is different from heart pain, it should be checked properly.
In an anxiety problem, family support is as important as a doctor's consultation.
Headaches caused by anxiety are different from normal headaches, it should be checked well.
You learn a lot when you take counseling, but it's more important to try to remove the fear from your own mind.
Compared to other mental illnesses, depression treatment may take a little longer.
This medicine reduces the symptoms of depression, but lifestyle changes are even more effective.
Do people with anxiety problems have more trouble sleeping than others?
Yoga is as effective as meditation in reducing mental stress.
Attempting suicide is the final stage of depression, so it is better to consult a psychiatrist in time.
Is it better to take counseling in the beginning than to take depression medicine?
Counseling reduces anxiety problems to a great extent, even if it doesn't completely cure them.
Is the cost of treating mental illness more expensive than other diseases?
People with anxiety problems have a problem of getting angry faster than others.
Does this depression medicine stimulate appetite or does it suppress appetite like other medicines?
Counseling reduces the fear in your mind, but you have to find the solution to the problem yourself.
The government's plan for suicide prevention should be more effective than other plans.
Drug addiction is way more dangerous than other addictions.
Mental health problems are seen more in cities compared to villages.
Counseling solves problems faster than medicine does.
This home remedy helps a bit more than other medicines for anxiety.
Headaches caused by anxiety are way more unbearable than normal headaches.
This community mental health program should be more effective in villages than in cities.
You learn a lot from counseling, but you have to try yourself to put it into practice.
Do people with anxiety problems have more heart problems than others?
Counseling gives a lot of relief from anxiety, even if it doesn't completely cure it.
Family support is as important as friend's support for anxiety problems.
Treating schizophrenia is a bit more complicated than other mental illnesses.
This antiretroviral medicine controls the disease, but it gives more stress than other medicines.
Iron tablets might give some physical relief to depression patients, but they need counseling more than other medicines for mental relief.
Does this inhaler give you a bit more relief than other medicines for anxiety?
High blood pressure medicine might control blood pressure, but counseling is more effective than other medicines to reduce stress.
Chest pain caused by anxiety is different compared to others.
Headaches caused by anxiety are different than normal headaches, so it needs to be checked properly.
The government's plan for suicide prevention should be more effective than other plans.
It's harder to get rid of drug addiction compared to other addictions.
The reason mental health problems are seen more in cities than in villages is the busy lifestyle.
Counseling solves problems faster than medicine, so it's better to get counseling first.
There's a high chance of diarrhea and cholera outbreak after the flood, so be careful.
The fever is really high, I suspect typhoid so I need to get a blood test.
Take this paracetamol from the pharmacy, it will help with your headache.
The hospital is getting crowded with patients, there are many dengue and influenza patients these days.
Leptospirosis infection has also been seen in this area, so be careful when working in water.
A dog bite wound should be healed quickly, otherwise there is a risk of rabies.
The child has a fever, give them this paracetamol syrup.
Only drink boiled water, the flood may have contaminated the water and cause hepatitis infection.
This medicine is very strong, it can affect your liver.
This vaccine protects you from seasonal influenza.
Typhoid infection can spread due to unclean water, so pay attention.
I have a bad headache and a fever, I need to get checked for meningitis.
This antibiotic will cure your infection, but you have to take it regularly.
Due to the flood, water has accumulated in many places, which can spread cholera.
If the fever doesn't go down, get a blood test, it could be typhoid.
This vitamin supplement boosts your immunity.
The child has diarrhea, bring them to the hospital immediately, it could be cholera.
The eyes are yellow, it looks like a symptom of hepatitis, needs to be checked.
This medicine will reduce both your fever and headache, take paracetamol.
Wash the dog bite with soap and water immediately, you can avoid rabies.
Walking in water a lot can cause leptospirosis infection, be careful.
The patient needs antibiotics right away, the infection is really bad.
After getting this vaccine, you're less likely to get the flu.
This medicine improves your liver function.
If you see symptoms of typhoid, get a blood test right away.
If this medicine doesn't work, you might need to use another antibiotic.
There's a new variant of the flu this time, so be careful.
Pay special attention to cleanliness to avoid cholera.
If a dog bites you, get the rabies vaccine right away.
The risk of leptospirosis has increased because of the flood, stay safe.
This medicine reduces the infection in your brain.
You need to check your liver to find out about hepatitis.
If you're allergic to paracetamol, talk to a doctor.
This vitamin supplement gives your body the nutrients it needs.
To avoid typhoid, drink clean water and cook food well before eating.
This antibiotic kills the infection in your blood.
The fever is high and you have a headache, it could be a sign of meningitis.
There's a flu epidemic this year, take precautions.
To avoid cholera, don't eat stale food.
To protect your liver, don't drink alcohol.
To avoid rabies, get your pet dog vaccinated regularly.
It's hard to talk about depression in the village, it feels a bit easier in the city.
Instead of stomach ache, now more patients are coming with chest pain, maybe because of stress.
More people are coming with joint pain problems in winter than other times.
Treating diseases that can be cured with medicine is easy, but giving psychosocial counseling is difficult.
After taking suicide prevention training, I feel more confident than before.
Before, I was scared to handle depression patients, but now it's easier to give counseling.
The practice of going to shamans when sick in the village is decreasing compared to before.
There is an environment to talk openly about mental health in the city, but people still feel ashamed in the village.
Before, I used to think about what to say to those who are suffering, now I listen to them carefully.
More people are drinking alcohol in this village now than before, it has caused many problems.
Before, I hesitated to talk about mental health in the community, but now I feel comfortable.
Painkillers for physical pain are easily available, but it is difficult to get counseling for mental pain.
Before the lockdown, people were stressed about work, now they are stressed about not having work.
Before, there were fewer cases of suicide in the village, but now they are increasing.
Previously, mental health problems were seen only in a limited number of people in the village, but now they are starting to be seen in young people as well.
Mental health counseling services are more accessible in the city than in the village.
Before, I was afraid to do this work, but now I am happy to serve the community.
Usually many patients used to come with stomach ache, but nowadays many are coming with chest pain.
Before, people with mental health problems were afraid to talk openly, but now they feel a little more comfortable.
Working as a female community health volunteer is more challenging than doing other jobs.
This iron tablet makes me feel sick compared to other tablets.
Previously, mental health problems were taken lightly in the village, but now they have started to understand its importance.
It is as difficult to find a psychiatrist in the village as it is easy to find in the city.
Before, they used to only ask for painkillers, now they have started asking for counseling too.
Access to mental health services is lower in rural areas than in urban areas.
Before, I used to feel nauseous when stressed, but now my joints ache.
It takes longer to recover from depression than other diseases.
Before, fewer people came to the village with such problems, but now many come.
Providing information about mental health in rural areas is more challenging than providing information on other topics.
More people are coming with skin allergy problems now than other times, maybe it's because of the water.
Before, I was afraid to go and speak in the community, but now I feel much more comfortable.
As happy as I am to help others in this job, sometimes I get just as stressed.
Previously, people in the village used to say that mental health problems were caused by ghosts, but now they have started going to the doctor.
Before, there was no environment to talk openly about mental health problems in the village, but now it has become a little easier.
Doctor, my stomach hurts, should I get a pregnancy test?
Nurse, how is my blood test report?
I'm not feeling well, should I get an X-ray?
My chest hurts, should I get an ECG?
Doctor, can you give me some painkillers to reduce this pain?
Should I get a CT scan to find out the cause of this pain?
I have a fever, should I get a sputum test?
My joints are hurting, the doctor told me to get an MRI.
Does this medicine affect the pregnancy test results in any way?
I'm having trouble breathing, should I get a chest X-ray?
Doctor, when will the pregnancy test report be available?
Nurse, is there any problem with my urine test report?
This medicine makes me dizzy, is it an antidepressant?
The doctor said I need a chest X-ray because I'm having trouble breathing.
Doctor, should I get an ECG for my heart checkup?
Should I get an ultrasound to find out the cause of my stomach pain?
Is there anything wrong with my sputum test report?
Doctor, what kind of painkiller is appropriate to take to reduce this pain?
How is the MRI report for my joint pain?
Will the doctor tell me the reason why I need to get a pregnancy test?
Nurse, please tell me what is written in my blood test report.
Is it okay for me to take antiretroviral medicine in this condition?
Doctor, should I get an ultrasound to find out the cause of my stomach ache?
I had to get a chest X-ray because I wasn't feeling well.
To find out my heart problem, I have to do an ECG.
Doctor, to find out the reason for this joint pain, should I do a biopsy?
How is my urine test report? Is there any problem?
Doctor, can I drink ORS to reduce this pain?
To find out the reason for my chest pain, do I need to do a CT scan?
Nurse, does my sputum test report show any infection?
Doctor, after looking at my blood test report, tell me, what happened to me?
To find out the reason for this pain, do I need to do an MRI?
Doctor, to find out my stomach problem, I have to do an ultrasound.
Doctor, how much painkiller should I take to reduce this pain?
Nurse, please give me information about this medicine, is it an antidepressant?
Can I drink ORS in this condition?
To find out the reason for my chest pain, do I need to do a biopsy?
Doctor, is there anything wrong with my urine test report?
To find out the reason for this joint pain, do I need to do an X-ray?
Does my sputum test report show any infection?
There are complaints that diabetic patients are increasing in the maternity ward, how to control it?
Many women coming here have high blood pressure problems, what can be done for this?
Many mothers complain that thyroid problems have recurred after giving birth.
There are complaints that the problem of joint pain is bothering the elderly a lot.
Many pregnant women are complaining about having difficulty breathing due to increased asthma.
COPD patients are complaining that it's even harder for them this season.
It seems like heart problems are increasing among those who come here for treatment.
Patients undergoing cancer treatment are having difficulty traveling to and from this place.
Many women have complained about increased blood pressure during pregnancy.
Many have said they're having problems because they can't take their thyroid medicine regularly.
Many complications have been seen in women giving birth due to diabetes.
Many people who come here are found to already have kidney problems.
There are complaints that it's difficult to bring patients with liver problems here.
Many are afraid to take high blood pressure medicine during pregnancy.
Many women have said they are troubled by joint pain after giving birth.
Many patients are having problems because they can't get asthma medicine.
COPD patients are having even more difficulty due to lack of oxygen.
Those with heart problems are finding it difficult to come to this place for check-ups.
Many are suffering from cancer pain, what could be a way to reduce the pain?
Many have complained about foot problems due to increased diabetes.
The problem of dizziness has increased due to high blood pressure.
Patients with kidney problems are forced to go far away for dialysis.
Many have said they don't feel like eating due to liver problems.
There are complaints that weight gain due to thyroid is causing problems.
My joints hurt, so it's hard to take care of the baby.
My asthma is acting up, so it's hard to breastfeed the baby too.
I have COPD and I can't breathe well, so I can't sleep at night.
My heart is racing and I feel really uncomfortable.
I feel very weak from taking cancer medicine.
I don't think my diabetes medicine is working, what should I do?
Even when I take high blood pressure medicine, my blood pressure is not under control.
My body is swollen because of kidney problems, is this normal?
My stomach pain has increased due to liver problems.
Hair loss is bothering me because of thyroid issues.
Are there any home remedies to reduce joint pain?
I always have to keep an inhaler with me for asthma attacks.
It's hard to do regular work because of COPD.
After getting heart disease, I have to avoid so many things.
I've already spent so much money on cancer treatment, what to do now?
I keep complaining that my eyes are getting weak because of diabetes.
Headaches have increased due to high blood pressure.
It seems like people with kidney problems need information about how much water to drink.
What kind of food should I eat to avoid liver disease?
I think my heart is racing because my thyroid is high.
I came here because it's hard to walk due to joint pain.
Even after taking asthma medicine regularly, it hasn't made much difference.
Because of COPD, I'm annoyed by coughing when I sleep at night.
I've been getting a lot of stress because of my heart problem.
I've been seeing a lot of side effects from cancer treatment.
It seems I need to pay attention to my diet to control diabetes.
You are in the ICU, don't worry, we will arrange counseling for your mental health.
We have started you on depression medicine, take it regularly.
If you have difficulty breathing, tell us immediately, anxiety can also cause this.
If you are worried about something, tell us, counseling will help you.
Even after being discharged from the hospital, participate in the community mental health program.
Loneliness in old age also increases depression, try to live with family.
Take counseling along with pain medication, it will help you recover quickly.
You may have post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), we need to investigate further.
If you have suicidal thoughts, tell the nurse immediately.
If you have any stress during your stay here, let me know.
If you have difficulty breathing, wear an oxygen mask, this may be due to increased anxiety.
If you feel like talking to family members, let us know, we will arrange a phone call, it will lighten your mood.
Antidepressants can sometimes show side effects, if that happens, let us know without fear.
Your heart condition is weak, stay away from stress.
If negative thoughts come to mind, try to think of positive things to remove them.
Your back pain might have increased your depression, get physiotherapy.
If you have a stomach ache, don't panic, it happens because of anxiety too.
The psychiatrist will give you more information about schizophrenia.
After being discharged from the hospital, continue to take mental health counseling, it will help you return to normal life.
If you see symptoms of depression, contact a psychiatrist immediately.
Rest here, we will provide the necessary help to reduce your anxiety.
If you feel the medicine isn't working, tell us, we can change the medicine.
Regular yoga and meditation also help reduce stress.
Family support and companionship will help you recover quickly.
If suicidal thoughts come to mind, don't hesitate to tell someone.
Mental health services are available in your community, go there for counseling after discharge.
Thinking too much increases stress, so focus on positive things.
If you have any problems while taking medication, inform us immediately.
Inform your family members about your condition, their support is needed.
If you feel scared, take a deep breath and try to stay calm, it could be a symptom of anxiety.
Your past events may have caused you to have PTSD, we will treat it.
Schizophrenia patients need a lot of family love and support.
It is a little difficult to treat depression in old age, but it can be cured with regular medication and counseling.
Tell us immediately if you have side effects from pain medication.
The environment here is peaceful and safe, don't worry.
Prioritize your mental health, everything else comes later.
If you have thoughts of suicide, call the emergency number immediately.
There are mental health workers in the community, they can help you.
If you have a habit of using drugs, we will help you quit.
If you have a lot of fear and anxiety, see a psychiatrist.
We will teach you some simple exercises to reduce anxiety.
Your bones are weak, stress affects it more, relax.
Come for regular follow-ups after being discharged from the hospital.
Your heart rate is increased, it might be because of anxiety, relax.
The depression medicine might have affected your sleep, we will adjust it.
We will give you therapy for the treatment of PTSD.
Patients with schizophrenia need to take medication regularly.
If something is stressing you out, tell us.
Your stomach might be upset because of anxiety, we will treat it.
The suicide prevention helpline number is always available, contact if needed.
The diabetes got worse and the wound on the leg is hard to heal, what to do?
Even when taking high blood pressure medicine, the headache continues, there's no relief.
The body is swollen due to kidney problems, and urination is also less.
Due to liver disease, the problem of stomach pain and vomiting has increased.
Even after taking thyroid medicine, I'm not losing weight, my body is the same as before.
My joints hurt because of rheumatism, it's hard to work too.
I had to come to the hospital because I had difficulty breathing due to asthma, it was very uncomfortable.
I'm tired of coughing because of COPD, I can't even sleep at night.
I'm bothered by chest pain and dizziness due to heart disease.
I had a lot of side effects while undergoing cancer treatment, it was hard to bear.
I'm annoyed by the itching and burning problem due to skin allergy.
It's hard to walk because of joint pain, is there any solution?
I don't feel like working because my muscles are weak, I always feel tired.
I'm worried because the sugar level in my blood is increasing, what should I do?
I'm bothered by dizziness due to high blood pressure, what tests should I get?
I have to get a kidney test, I've been having problems for many days.
I don't feel like eating because of a liver problem, I'm getting weaker.
There is a problem in the thyroid report, should I do further tests?
Rheumatism pain didn't let me sleep all night, it was very painful.
I had to come to the emergency room after my asthma worsened and I had difficulty breathing.
I can't even do housework because of COPD, it's very difficult.
I'm scared because my heart beats fast, what tests should I do?
The weakness has not reduced even after cancer treatment, what should I do?
There is no sign of the skin disease getting cured, it is the same even after taking a lot of medicine.
Are there any home remedies to reduce joint pain?
Muscle pain is making it difficult to even do daily tasks.
I'm tired of not being able to control my diabetes, it doesn't go down even when I watch my diet.
It seems like the high blood pressure medicine isn't working, my blood pressure isn't going down.
I have to get kidney dialysis, how will I manage the expenses?
I have jaundice because of a liver problem, I don't know what to eat and what not to eat.
Hair loss problem has increased because of thyroid.
Please tell me a way to reduce the pain of rheumatism.
Asthma medicine makes breathing easier, but there are many side effects.
COPD treatment is very expensive, how will I manage?
I have to have heart surgery, how will I arrange the money?
It's been very difficult because of cancer chemotherapy, my body has become weak.
I have a skin infection and it's very itchy, the medicine hasn't cured it either.
It's difficult to walk and sit because of joint pain, what to do?
Muscle weakness has increased the problem of tingling in the hands and feet.
The doctor said I have to take insulin for diabetes, I'm very scared.
High blood pressure medicine is causing dizziness and nausea.
I don't feel like eating because of kidney problems, how can I increase my strength?
The report didn't come out good when I had my liver checked, what to do?
Even after taking thyroid medicine regularly, there is not much improvement.
My fingers are bent because of arthritis, will it get cured?
I have trouble breathing even when I sleep at night because of asthma, what should I do?
I have to stay home because I can't work due to COPD, there's no way to earn money.
I get tired even doing a little work because of a heart problem, will it get cured?
A lot of money was spent on cancer treatment, how will I survive now?
I have a lot of problems because of skin allergies, will it be completely cured?
Get regular health checkups, it helps to detect diseases and get timely treatment.
Pay attention to hand hygiene, wash your hands thoroughly with soap and water before eating and after using the toilet.
Drink safe water, only drink water after boiling or filtering it.
To control mosquitoes, don't let water collect around the house and use mosquito nets.
Get adult vaccinations on time, it protects against many diseases.
Get your blood pressure checked, it is important to reduce the risk of heart disease.
Get cancer screening, it helps to detect cancer early.
Get your eyes checked regularly, it is necessary to identify eye problems early.
Participate in health camps, various health services are available there for free.
To avoid diabetes, exercise regularly and eat healthy food.
If you have body aches, consult a doctor immediately, do not take medicine yourself.
If you have a stomach ache problem, see a doctor instead of doing home remedies.
If you have back pain, you may need to do physiotherapy.
Exercise regularly to strengthen muscles.
If your eyes are weak, wear glasses and get regular check-ups.
Don't take any antibiotic medicine without a doctor's advice.
Diabetic patients should take insulin regularly.
Take iron tablets to prevent anemia.
If you have skin problems, use antifungal cream.
Talk openly about your health problems during regular check-ups.
Take the advice given by health workers seriously and follow it.
Get good information before using herbs found in villages.
Consult an experienced Ayurvedic doctor when using Ayurvedic medicine.
Vaccinate children on time, it protects them from many diseases.
Pregnant women should take iron and folic acid tablets regularly.
Smoking and alcohol are harmful to health, so stay away from them.
Do yoga and meditation to reduce stress.
Adopt a healthy lifestyle and keep a positive attitude.
Drink plenty of water, it keeps the body hydrated.
Eat healthy food, including fruits, vegetables, and grains.
Measure your blood pressure regularly and treat high blood pressure if you have it.
Go to health camps and get tested for diabetes.
Adopt a healthy lifestyle and get regular check-ups to prevent cancer.
Wear glasses when going out in the sun to protect your eyes.
If you have any health problems, contact a doctor immediately.
Use a water purifier for safe drinking water.
Keep your surroundings clean to control mosquitoes.
Get vaccinated by participating in the adult vaccination program.
Find out about health camps being organized in your area.
Share information about hand hygiene with others.
Reduce salt intake to avoid high blood pressure.
Understand the importance of cancer screening and get checked on time.
Regular eye check-ups protect your eyesight.
Unnecessary use of antibiotics harms the body.
If you see health problems, take telemedicine service.
As a health worker, you should explain the importance of adult vaccination to the community.
As a health worker, you should explain the importance of regular health check-ups to the community.
Protect your eyesight by getting regular eye check-ups.
Get your blood pressure checked for your health safety.
Always use a mosquito net to avoid mosquito bites.
My son has a fever and chest pain, I'm really stressed, I hope it's not pneumonia.
What's wrong with my daughter-in-law these days, she panics over small things, it seems like depression.
Suicide cases have increased in the village, I'm very scared, I hope nothing happens to my son.
My daughter's exams are approaching, maybe it's the stress of studying, she can't sleep all night.
My wife is getting a lot of stress, maybe because my husband is late coming from abroad.
My father's asthma has increased so he's having difficulty breathing, I came to buy an inhaler.
My mother had joint pain and had difficulty walking, so the doctor gave her painkillers, I came to get that.
My brother has had mental problems since he was young, he has to take medicine regularly, I came to get it today because it ran out.
My son has been having problems with fear and panic for some time, where would be appropriate to go for counseling?
I heard that many people in the village have post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) since the earthquake, what is that like?
My daughter doesn't feel like eating these days, she's weak, give me an iron tablet.
The old man needs insulin because his diabetes is high.
My son has been having scary dreams lately, should he see a psychiatrist?
After someone committed suicide in the village, many people are scared, what can be done for suicide prevention?
My daughter's chest pain and difficulty breathing have increased, what will the doctor say?
My son fights a lot with his friends these days, does he have some mental problem?
Many young people in the village are caught in drug addiction, how can this be controlled?
My daughter is having difficulty concentrating on her studies, it looks like a symptom of depression.
My husband can't sleep at night due to a lot of work stress, what to do?
My son has had schizophrenia since he was young, he has to take medicine regularly, it is difficult to get this medicine.
My father has high blood pressure, his medicine is about to run out, please bring it.
My mother has knee pain and has difficulty walking, give me some pain relief medicine.
My son has been getting angry and fighting a lot lately, should he see a psychologist?
Many people have been relieved since the mental health camp was conducted in the village.
My daughter gets stomach aches and vomits because of exam stress, what to do?
After my husband went abroad, my wife feels lonely and gets anxious a lot.
My son is scared to sleep alone at night, is there any solution?
My father has Alzheimer's, he needs to take medicine regularly, but he forgets.
My daughter has autism since she was young, how can I help her?
If we could run a community mental health program in the village, it would help many people.
My son's stress is increasing as the exam approaches, how to reduce it?
My husband has a lot of pressure at work, so he is very worried.
My son doesn't like to talk to anyone at home these days, what happened?
My father had depression before, it seems to have relapsed now.
There are many misconceptions about mental health issues in the village, how to remove them?
My son has a habit of screaming after seeing scary dreams at night, what to do?
My father has had Parkinson's for many years, the medicine hasn't worked much.
If we could train mental health volunteers in the village, it would help many people.
My son has stomach aches and headaches during exams, is it because of stress?
My husband's blood pressure has increased due to a lot of stress at work, the doctor has advised him to rest.
My son uses his mobile a lot these days, he doesn't focus on studies, what to do?
My father had diabetes before, now he has a wound on his leg.
My daughter has had allergies since she was young, her skin itches and turns red.
If we could run a program to provide information about mental health in the village, it would benefit many people.
My son has trouble sleeping at night, are there any home remedies?
My father has had migraines for many years, he's fed up with the headaches.
My daughter has had asthma since she was little, she always has to carry an inhaler.
There is a need for mental health counseling centers in the village because the number of suicides has increased.
When I have a fever, I feel tingling in my hands and feet, it feels more than normal.
After taking pain medication, I felt a little less weakness in my hands and feet, but not completely cured.
When I cough, chest pain feels more uncomfortable than back pain.
Before, when I felt tired, I would rest and feel better, but now even resting doesn't reduce the tingling.
When I vomit, my body feels weak and tingly, it felt different than the tingling I get with a headache.
The tingling from body swelling was more unbearable than normal tingling.
The tingling from blood loss and body weakness felt scarier than normal tingling.
The tingling from chest rashes was different than the tingling from allergies.
The tingling when it's hard to breathe felt more complicated than normal tingling.
After taking antidepressant medicine, the tingling seems to have increased, it wasn't like this before.
The tingling after taking high blood pressure medicine felt different than normal tingling.
After taking iron tablets, the tingling seems to have increased instead of decreased.
The tingling from muscle pain was more unbearable than the tingling from bone pain.
The tingling from back problems was harder than the tingling in the legs.
When I have a fever, the tingling in my hands and feet is more uncomfortable than normal.
After taking pain medication, my head feels heavy and tingly, it's more uncomfortable than before.
When I cough, my chest hurts and it tingles, it's harder than normal.
Before, when I felt tired, my eyes would blur and tingle, but now it doesn't get better even when I rest.
When I vomit, my body feels weak and tingles, I feel more weak than normal.
When my body swells, it tingles, it hurts and feels more uncomfortable than before.
When I bleed, my body feels weak and tingles, it's more uncomfortable than normal.
When I get rashes on my chest, it tingles, it feels different than the tingling from allergies.
When it's hard to breathe, it tingles, it feels much more uncomfortable than normal.
After taking antidepressant medicine, it tingles, it wasn't like this before, it's increased now.
After taking high blood pressure medicine, it tingles, it's more uncomfortable than normal.
The tingling problem after taking iron tablets, I feel it's increased compared to before.
When my muscles hurt, it tingles, it feels more unbearable than the tingling when bones hurt.
When my back hurts, it tingles, it's harder than the tingling when my legs hurt.
The tingling when I have a headache is different than the tingling when I have a fever.
The tingling when I feel dizzy feels different than the tingling when I vomit.
The tingling in my chest when I cough a lot is much more uncomfortable than the tingling when I cough a little.
The tingling from fatigue when working is different than the tingling when resting.
The tingling from nausea after eating is harder than the tingling from nausea on an empty stomach.
The tingling when my body swells is more unbearable than the tingling in a burnt area.
The tingling when I get injured and bleed is different than the tingling in a normal state.
The tingling when I get rashes is more uncomfortable than the tingling when I get heat rash.
The tingling from having trouble breathing is scarier than the tingling from asthma.
The tingling from taking antidepressant medicine is different than the tingling from taking pain medicine.
The tingling from taking high blood pressure medicine is more uncomfortable than the tingling from taking diabetes medicine.
The tingling from taking iron tablets is different than the tingling from taking calcium tablets.
The tingling from muscle pain is less than the tingling from a pinched nerve.
The tingling from back bone pain is more unbearable than the tingling from leg bone pain.
The tingling from having a fever for a long time weakens you more than the tingling from a normal fever.
The tingling from a headache caused by pain medicine is more difficult than the tingling from when the pain doesn't go away.
The tingling from having trouble breathing when asthma gets worse is scarier than normal tingling.
Before, when I got tired, the tingling would go away after resting for a while, but now it doesn't even get better with rest.
The tingling after taking antihypertensive medicine is different than the tingling before.
The tingling after taking iron pills feels a little more than before.
The tingling from back problems is more painful than the tingling in the legs.
The tingling from viral fever is more uncomfortable than the tingling from normal fever.
I feel annoyed when I have to tell patients who came with referrals that health insurance doesn't work here.
I'm confused about how to refer complicated cases that are discovered during health camps.
We keep getting complaints about not getting ambulance service on time, what should we do?
Many people in the village don't know about health insurance, it's hard to give information.
There is not enough medicine for patients who come for free health services, there is always a shortage.
Patients complain that telemedicine service is not effective, because of network problems.
Treatment costs are increasing, so those without health insurance are having problems.
Even when coming for free health services, many are unhappy about having to wait in line.
Where should we send patients who have eye problems found during health camp check-ups for further treatment?
Even the free medicine that the government provides is not always available, what to answer?
When calling the emergency helpline number, it's always busy, patients get angry.
Antifungal medicine is always out of stock here, patients with skin problems are having issues.
Villagers are finding it difficult to go far away to renew their health insurance.
It's difficult to treat patients who come without a referral, the rules don't allow it.
Due to the lack of ORS, it's difficult to treat patients with diarrhea.
Many patients who came to the health camp complained about joint pain, but we don't have enough medicine.
Many patients are getting expensive treatment because they don't know about free health services.
There have been complaints that patients who live far away are not prioritized when calling for an ambulance.
It's too much hassle to make a health insurance card, it's difficult for the old people in the village.
Due to internet problems, telemedicine services cannot be provided.
Poor patients return home unable to pay for treatment, I feel sorry for them.
It is difficult to provide services because there is not enough budget for free health services.
Complaints keep coming that people don't get help on time when calling the emergency helpline.
Antihypertensive medicine is always out of stock here, patients with blood pressure problems are having issues.
Those who cheat by giving false information about health insurance have increased.
Patients are suffering because the referral process is complicated.
There's a complaint that ambulance drivers are asking for too much money, what to do?
There's a complaint that blood tests are expensive when patients from the health camp are sent outside for testing.
Many people don't know about the free health service because it's not promoted enough.
It's difficult to provide telemedicine service because I haven't received training for it.
It's very difficult for poor people to get health services because treatment costs are increasing.
There's a complaint that medicines are not available in free health services, so it's expensive to buy them from private medical stores.
Some people give wrong information when you call the emergency helpline.
Antiretroviral drugs are always in short supply here, HIV patients have problems.
There's a complaint that they ask for a lot of documents when filling out the form for health insurance.
There's a rumor that you have to bribe the doctor to get a referral, this is wrong.
Ambulance service should be free, but they charge money here.
It's difficult to send patients with liver problems detected during health camp checkups to a specialist.
There is a complaint that substandard medicines are given in the name of free health service.
Telemedicine service is not available to everyone, poor people don't have money to buy mobile phones.
Many people have to take out loans because they cannot afford treatment costs.
The government has not paid enough attention to free health services.
No one answers when you call the emergency helpline, what kind of service is this?
Heart medicine is always in short supply here, old people have problems.
It's difficult to renew health insurance because there is no online service.
The referral process needs to be made faster and easier.
The ambulance has been out of service for a long time because it's broken, and we don't have money to buy a new one.
There's not enough time to give necessary consultations to the patients who come to the health camp.
Those who spread false information about free health services should be punished.
There aren't enough doctors for telemedicine service, how to provide the service?
Even with treatment in the ICU, Dad's blood pressure is having a hard time getting under control.
It's because of the fear of infection after the surgery that he had to be kept in the ICU, nothing else.
The doctor suggested Mom eat homemade liquid food, we have to adopt Ayurvedic treatment methods.
After Dad's kidneys stopped working, dialysis has to be done regularly, treatment is continuing in the ICU.
Even if the operation is successful, the back pain problem won't go away unless physiotherapy is done regularly, we'll have to start after taking him out of the ICU.
After taking the iron tablet, Didi has felt some relief, but further treatment is continuing in the ICU.
It's difficult to get the medicines that need to be given to the patient in the ICU on time, the lack of insulin caused a problem.
The doctor has advised Dad to do chemotherapy, but other tests will also be done by keeping him in the ICU.
Because Corona made him very weak, Ayurvedic medicine alone didn't work, now we are giving allopathic treatment by keeping him in the ICU.
Treatment in the ICU is expensive, but saving the patient is our first duty.
The doctor said that eye surgery needs to be done, further examination will be done by keeping him in the ICU.
When there was a normal fever at home, it used to get better with home remedies, now the situation has come to needing to be kept in the ICU.
The risk of infection is high when staying in the ICU, so people who come to visit are restricted.
The doctor will decide which medicine to give only after doing a blood test, he is currently under observation in the ICU.
All the equipment needed for the patient kept in the ICU must be kept in a ready state.
Even when giving high blood pressure medicine to the patient undergoing treatment in the ICU, there is not much improvement seen.
I heard that physiotherapy after the operation can reduce back pain, but now they have to keep [him/her] in the ICU.
The doctor advised to treat the cancer with radiotherapy, and after keeping [him/her] in the ICU, other procedures will be carried out.
Even after giving jivan jal [oral rehydration salts] made at home, my son's health didn't improve, so we had to bring [him] to the ICU.
Even if the surgery is successful, the patient needs to be monitored 24 hours a day by keeping [him/her] in the ICU.
After the kidney problem worsened, [he/she] had to have dialysis, and other treatments are also ongoing while in the ICU.
After finding out that my father has cancer, we decided to do chemotherapy, and now [he] is being treated in the ICU.
After hearing the doctor say that the tumor can be reduced with radiation therapy, I agreed to keep [him/her] in the ICU.
Since there was not enough care at home, my son had to be brought to the ICU, now the health workers will take good care of [him].
After Ayurvedic medicine did not cure the disease, [we] were forced to admit [him/her] to the ICU for allopathic treatment.
The doctor said there was no other option without surgery, so we are preparing to operate after keeping [him/her] in the ICU.
Even with treatment in the ICU, why hasn't my mother's blood pressure decreased? I am very worried.
After the amount of water in the body decreased, the doctor advised to give jivan jal, but it was difficult because [he/she] was kept in the ICU.
[I] didn't get well with Ayurvedic treatment, now [we] have to adopt modern treatment methods by keeping [him/her] in the ICU.
The doctor said that a kidney transplant is needed, but now [he/she] is being kept in the ICU after dialysis.
After the back problem recurred, [I] have to do physiotherapy again, it will be started after [I am] taken out of the ICU.
My father has been kept in the ICU after the surgery, [I] feel sad because [I] can't go to visit [him].
The doctor said there was a blood infection, so they have kept [him/her] in the ICU to administer anti-parasitic medicine.
The hospital has good ICU facilities, so the patient can be kept there with confidence.
My father's diabetes increased and [he] had to be given insulin, we have started treatment by keeping [him] in the ICU.
Even after resting at home, [I] didn't get better, so [I] had to be brought to the ICU for treatment.
The doctor suggested treating the cancer with radiotherapy, that's why we've kept [him/her] in the ICU.
Even after trying home remedies, the fever didn't go down, so we had to bring [him/her] to the ICU.
We're trying to control Dad's blood pressure by keeping him in the ICU, let's see what happens.
Dialysis needs to be done regularly, otherwise the kidneys will stop working, that's why we've kept [him/her] in the ICU.
I heard that chemotherapy weakens the body, so we're keeping [him/her] in the ICU for special care.
After allopathic medicine didn't work, we were thinking of trying Ayurvedic treatment, but now [he/she] has to be in the ICU.
Even though the surgery was successful, [he/she] had to be kept in the ICU due to fear of infection.
After the operation, physiotherapy should be done to reduce the back pain, but first [he/she] needs to get out of the ICU.
Even though ICU treatment is expensive, saving the patient is our first duty.
The doctor will decide which medicine to give only after the blood test, right now [he/she]'s under observation in the ICU. We're trying to control Dad's blood pressure, let's see what happens.
The doctor will decide which medicine to give only after the blood test, right now [he/she]'s under observation in the ICU.
Even after giving high blood pressure medicine, there wasn't much improvement, so the doctors are discussing further treatment, right now [he/she]'s in the ICU.
Before giving blood to Dad, should we do kidney dialysis once?
Before doing the surgery, let's consider whether we can give blood or not, okay?
For how many days should we give iron tablets to increase the amount of hemoglobin in the blood?
Will giving blood at this age have any effect on the lungs?
Before giving blood, can we find out what the patient's stomach condition is like?
Before giving blood, can we give pain killers?
Before giving blood to this patient, can we think about Ayurvedic treatment?
Before giving blood, should we do an X-ray of the patient's back?
After donating blood, is it necessary to do physiotherapy?
What test should I do to find out if there are germs in the blood?
What to do if any reaction appears in the body while transfusing blood?
Before giving blood, shouldn't we check the patient's kidney condition?
Should I do an abdominal ultrasound before donating blood?
Should the patient's lungs be checked before donating blood?
How long should the patient be monitored after a blood transfusion?
If the patient has had chemotherapy before the blood transfusion, will it have an effect?
What kind of food should be given after a blood transfusion?
How to take care of the patient at home after a blood transfusion?
Can Ayurvedic medicine be given to the patient before a blood transfusion?
How many days after donating blood should the patient start physiotherapy?
What to do if the patient's stomach is full of gas before donating blood?
Should the patient's urine be tested before a blood transfusion?
For how many days should the patient be given iron tablets after donating blood?
Can the patient undergo surgery before donating blood?
Before a blood transfusion, should the patient's kidneys be dialyzed?
What to do if the patient's lungs have water before donating blood?
Can Ayurvedic medicine be given to the patient after donating blood?
What to do if the patient has a stomach ulcer before donating blood?
What to do if the patient's body doesn't improve after a blood transfusion?
In this post-earthquake emergency ward, we need to pay special attention to the health checkups of pregnant women.
We are always ready to provide safe delivery services, no need to panic.
Mothers should be counseled to breastfeed newborns regularly.
There aren't enough medicines here, pregnant women are having problems due to the lack of iron tablets.
It is necessary to provide information about family planning methods, population should be controlled in such a situation.
Attention should be paid to the mother's nutrition, the risk of malnutrition increases during such a disaster.
We have limited resources for managing complications, but we are still trying.
If your eyes turn yellow or your skin itches, get it checked immediately.
If you have difficulty breathing or chest pain, come to the hospital immediately.
We will decide about further treatment after the blood test report comes.
Due to the earthquake, many women could not get antenatal checkups on time.
Iron tablets should be taken regularly during pregnancy to prevent anemia.
Nutritious food is essential for the health of both the postpartum mother and the baby.
Those displaced by the earthquake should be informed about family planning services.
Pregnant women in critical condition should be taken to the hospital immediately.
Protecting the health of mothers and children is our top priority during this disaster.
It seems we need to mobilize more manpower to provide safe motherhood services.
Special attention should be paid to hygiene to protect newborns from infection.
Psychosocial counseling is necessary to keep pregnant women free from mental stress.
Because of the earthquake, many women's pregnancies are at risk.
Mobile health teams should be mobilized for women who cannot reach the health post.
If you have high blood pressure during pregnancy, get treatment immediately.
A mother needs rest during postpartum, she shouldn't be made to work too much at home.
Information should be given about how to use temporary family planning methods.
Nutritious food should be distributed to pregnant and postpartum women to prevent malnutrition.
If surgery is needed in complicated cases, preparations should be made immediately.
Because of the earthquake, many women have lost their iron tablets, so new ones need to be distributed.
Ambulances have been arranged to come to the hospital for safe delivery.
Regular breastfeeding of newborns increases their immunity.
Camps should be conducted to provide information about permanent family planning methods.
It seems we need to bring special programs to reduce maternal mortality rate.
If complications arise, a specialist doctor's consultation should be taken.
Pregnant women need special support during this disaster.
Trained health workers should be arranged for safe delivery.
If a newborn has any problems, bring them to the hospital immediately.
Public awareness should be raised to remove misconceptions about family planning.
Maternal and child health services need to be made more effective.
Blood transfusions may need to be arranged in complicated cases.
Many women are experiencing mental health problems because of the earthquake.
Pregnant women should be advised to do yoga and meditation to reduce stress.
More equipment should be arranged to make maternity services easier.
Newborn babies should be vaccinated regularly, it can protect them from diseases.
You should talk about the benefits of using temporary family planning methods.
The government has brought many programs for maternal and child health.
If complications arise, antibiotics may need to be started immediately.
Due to the earthquake, many women's health check-ups are still pending.
Door-to-door campaigns should be conducted to provide information about safe motherhood services.
Special attention should be given to keep newborns warm, cold can cause problems.
Counseling services for family planning are available for free.
To make maternal and child health services effective, coordination with the local government should be done.
Due to the floods, many women are sick, but the problem is that there is no ultrasound facility here.
Patients from far away are having a lot of trouble because there is no X-ray machine in the telemedicine center.
Most pregnant women are having problems because they don't know about vitamin supplements.
Patients are not getting blood tests on time, increasing the fear of the disease recurring.
Patients who need insulin are having problems because there is not enough medicine here.
Pregnant women are complaining about having to wait too long for ultrasounds.
Heart patients are having problems because there is no ECG machine in this telemedicine center.
Patients coming with skin problems are increasing in the flood-affected area, but there is not enough medicine.
Patients with bone and joint pain are having problems because there is no X-ray facility here.
Because there's no biopsy service here, we have to refer patients suspected of cancer.
Because there's no sputum test at the tele medicine center, TB patients are having problems.
Because there's no MRI machine here, patients with headaches have a lot of problems.
Because of the flood, many people are having mental health issues, but it's hard to get antiretroviral medicine.
Because there's no CT scan machine here, we have to send serious patients elsewhere.
Because there's no arrangement for pregnancy checkups for pregnant women, there are many problems.
Because there are not enough health facilities in the village, many haven't been able to do urine tests on time.
Because there aren't enough tools here, it's difficult to do patients' blood tests.
Many patients have complained that they don't get X-ray reports on time.
Because there's no one to do ultrasounds, many pregnant women are having problems.
Because there aren't enough medicines at the tele medicine center, it's expensive to buy vitamin supplements.
Because of the flood, many people's asthma has worsened, but it's hard to get inhalers here.
Because there's a lack of blood testing kits here, patients are having problems.
Because the X-ray machine is broken, patients are suffering.
Patients have complained that it takes too long for ultrasound reports to come.
Because there's no ECG technician at the tele medicine center, there's a problem.
Because there's no skin specialist here, many patients are returning disappointed.
Patients with bone and joint problems are having problems because they don't get enough treatment.
Patients are worried because it takes too long for biopsy reports to come.
Because there's no sputum testing equipment at the tele medicine center, there's a problem.
MRI is expensive here, so many patients can't get it done.
HIV patients are having problems because they don't get antiretroviral medicine regularly.
Patients are complaining about the long wait for CT scans.
There's a lack of necessary materials for pregnancy checkups here.
Many women have anemia due to the floods, but there's no blood testing available.
Urine test reports are delayed here, causing problems with treatment.
Patients are complaining that they have to pay high fees for blood tests.
Patients with injuries are having problems because there's no X-ray facility.
Pregnant women are having problems because ultrasound services aren't regular.
The telemedicine center lacks the necessary equipment for ECGs.
Patients are complaining because they can't get medicine for skin allergies.
Patients with joint pain are having problems because there aren't enough vitamin supplements.
Patients are burdened financially because they have to go elsewhere for biopsies.
There's a problem because there aren't trained people to collect samples for sputum tests.
Patients with headaches are spending a lot because there's no MRI machine.
There's an obligation to go very far to get antiretroviral medicine.
There's a problem because they have to pay high fees for CT scans in private hospitals.
The equipment needed for pregnancy checkups is old, so the reports aren't accurate.
Many people have urinary infections due to the floods, but there's no urine testing available.
Patients are suffering because there's a lack of necessary equipment for blood tests.
Because there's no chest x-ray here, pneumonia patients are having problems.
Dad can't see well these days, maybe his eyesight is getting weak.
The doctor said the child's muscles are weak due to protein deficiency, so pay attention.
Grandma gets dizzy due to iron deficiency, give her medicine regularly.
Teeth are weak due to vitamin deficiency, eat less sweets.
To protect the child from malnutrition, you must give a balanced diet, otherwise it's difficult.
Too much obesity increases the risk of pressure and sugar, so pay attention to your diet.
Iodine deficiency can cause goiter, only use iodized salt.
If you don't regularly feed the nutritious food provided by the hospital, the child is at risk of becoming weak.
If children don't get supplementary feeding regularly, their physical development may stop.
Excessive use of painkillers can affect the liver, don't take them without a doctor's advice.
If diabetic patients don't take insulin on time, they could die.
Taking antibiotics without a doctor's advice can have negative effects on the body.
Protein deficiency reduces immunity, so eat protein-rich foods.
If you don't take a balanced diet, the body lacks nutrients and various diseases can occur.
Iron deficiency can cause anemia, so eat plenty of green leafy vegetables.
Iodine deficiency can affect the mental development of children.
Malnutrition can hinder the physical and mental development of the child, pay attention in time.
Too much obesity increases the risk of heart disease, so exercise regularly.
In the absence of nutritious food, the body becomes weak and the risk of disease increases.
Giving supplementary feeding without doctor's advice can be difficult for the baby.
Vitamin deficiency can weaken the eyes, so eat vitamin-rich foods.
Protein deficiency can cause water retention problems in the body.
If you don't have a balanced diet, your body's immunity decreases, and you can easily get infected.
Iron deficiency can be dangerous for both pregnant women and babies.
Iodine deficiency can cause thyroid problems, get it checked on time.
Malnutrition increases the risk of infection in children, pay attention to hygiene.
Obesity can cause joint pain, it is good to lose weight.
Malnutrition reduces the ability to fight disease, pay special attention.
Giving supplementary feeding without doctor's advice can cause allergies in the baby.
Excessive use of antifungal drugs can have a negative effect on the liver.
If there is a lack of protein in the body, wounds may take a long time to heal.
Due to lack of a balanced diet, there may be a deficiency of essential nutrients in the body.
Iron deficiency can weaken memory, get treatment on time.
Iodine deficiency can affect the baby's development during pregnancy.
Malnutrition can weaken a child's bones, give calcium-rich foods.
Too much obesity can interfere with sleep, be aware on time.
Malnutrition affects the growth and development of children, take advice from a nutritionist.
Vitamin deficiency can cause skin problems, consult a doctor.
Ignoring the supplementary feeding given by the hospital can make it even more difficult for the baby.
Unnecessary use of antibiotics has negative effects on the body, don't take them without a doctor's advice.
Lack of protein can cause weakness in the body, eat chickpeas and beans.
Lack of a balanced diet can cause fatigue and weakness, pay attention to your diet.
Iron deficiency can cause shortness of breath, see a doctor immediately.
Iodine deficiency can cause speech problems, get treatment on time.
Malnutrition reduces a child's immunity, increasing the risk of infection.
Obesity increases the risk of diabetes, eat less sugary food.
Undernutrition causes lack of energy in the body, you don't feel like working.
Vitamin deficiency can cause muscle pain, you should rest.
If you don't pay attention to supplementary feeding, the child may not gain weight, feed regularly.
Incorrect use of antifungal medicine reduces immunity, be aware.
Protein deficiency can cause hair loss, eat enough protein.
We're getting a lot of cases of snake bites at the telemedicine center, we need to be prepared for this.
Someone in the village died from electric shock, you should be careful when using electrical appliances.
We need to train pharmacy staff on how to give first aid to patients who have consumed poison.
This vitamin supplement gives energy to the body, but don't take it without a doctor's advice.
I was very saddened to hear the news that someone died by drowning in the river.
Emergency medicines like insulin should always be kept ready.
A seriously ill patient who had a sudden heart attack was taken to Kathmandu by helicopter.
This anti-parasitic medicine kills worms in the stomach, but you should take the correct dose.
If someone gets burned in a house fire, they should be taken to the hospital right away.
Many people are injured in a road accident, they should be taken to the hospital immediately.
Through telemedicine, it should be suggested to take stroke patients to the nearest hospital immediately.
A farmer who fell and broke his leg while working in the field should be put on a stretcher and taken to the hospital.
A patient became seriously ill due to anaphylaxis from an allergy, they need treatment immediately.
This inhaler is very useful for asthma patients, but use it only after consulting a doctor.
A patient with a stomach ache from poisoning should be taken to the hospital immediately.
A person who has fainted from electric shock should be given first aid immediately.
A patient bitten by a snake should be given antivenom immediately, otherwise they may die.
To avoid heart attack, you should pay attention to regular exercise and healthy eating.
Stroke patients should be given physiotherapy services, it strengthens muscles.
A patient burned by fire should be cleaned with cold water immediately.
A patient with a broken bone should be given pain relief medicine and taken to the hospital immediately.
A person who has drowned and is unconscious should be given artificial respiration.
To avoid the risk of anaphylaxis, you should stay away from foods that cause allergies.
Here at the telemedicine center, medicines needed for poisoned patients are available.
Call an ambulance to take a patient bitten by a snake to the hospital.
If a heart attack is suspected, an ECG should be done immediately.
Delay in the treatment of stroke can cause physical disability.
Medicine should be applied to burns immediately, otherwise infection may occur.
A fractured bone needs to be kept still with a plaster cast.
A patient with chest pain from electric shock should be taken to the hospital immediately.
A patient with anaphylaxis should be given an epinephrine injection.
Don't feed anything to a person who has ingested poison until they reach the hospital.
Apply a bandage to the snake bite area and keep the patient calm.
Give aspirin immediately if someone is having a heart attack.
If someone has a stroke, consult a neurology specialist immediately.
Don't put ice on a burn.
A splint should be applied to the fractured bone area.
You must also be safe when touching a person who has had an electric shock.
Anaphylaxis can cause breathing problems.
If someone has ingested poison, call a doctor immediately.
Don't move a snakebite patient too much.
Call an ambulance immediately if someone is having a heart attack.
Cover the burn wound with a clean cloth.
Keep the fractured bone straight.
Keep the person who got electric shock in a dry place.
If someone has anaphylaxis, they should be taken to the hospital immediately.
Don't let a patient who has ingested poison drink too much water.
Keep a snakebite patient mentally calm.
To avoid heart attack, don't smoke and drink alcohol.
Depression is increasing among flood victims, the hospital saw, many need psychiatric help.
Many patients come to the hospital complaining of chest pain, but it's usually because of stress.
After the flood, many people registered at the hospital for mental health counseling.
Maybe it's because of the constant siren, I feel a bit more anxiety these days.
A father from the village was asking for help to prevent his son's suicide.
Even the volunteers working in the flood victim camp are starting to show mental stress.
Most patients at the hospital complained of burning eyes and itchy skin, it could be because of stress.
Today, a patient complained that their depression didn't improve even after taking medicine, maybe they need psychosocial counseling.
Drug addiction is increasing among those displaced by the floods, community-level programs should be run to stop it.
Some patients hesitate to take antidepressant medicine, we need to explain its importance to them.
Many people are showing symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) after the flood.
We were able to save a patient who attempted suicide at the hospital, but they need long-term care for their mental health.
Family members who care for patients with mental health problems should also be given stress management training.
It seems the flood has affected many people's livers, they need to have regular health check-ups.
A patient at the hospital complained of constant headaches and dizziness, it could be a symptom of anxiety.
Many people are experiencing insomnia after the flood, they may need to be given sleeping pills.
An elderly man at the hospital said he didn't want to live after the flood washed away his house, he needs immediate psychosocial support.
There is a need to run community mental health programs in the flood-affected area.
Many patients complained of stomach pain and indigestion, it could be because of stress.
A young guy at the hospital said he can't focus at work and always feels tired, it could be a sign of depression.
After the flood, many people have increased feelings of fear and terror, they need to feel safe.
A patient at the hospital said he has chest heaviness and difficulty breathing, it could be an anxiety attack.
More psychiatrists and counselors are needed to provide psychosocial counseling to flood victims.
Patients with mental health problems need support from family and society, they shouldn't be left feeling alone.
A patient at the hospital said he can't think about the future and feels hopeless, it could be a sign of depression.
After the flood, many people are starting to have suicidal thoughts, immediate action must be taken to prevent this.
A patient at the hospital expressed grief over losing his family, he needs grief management counseling.
Patients with mental health problems may need both medication and psychotherapy.
Ambulance drivers also have an important role in providing mental health services to flood victims.
A patient at the hospital said he feels like he's going crazy, he may have symptoms of schizophrenia.
After the flood, many people have had problems with anger and irritability, they should be given anger management training.
A patient at the hospital said he feels helpless and weak, he needs counseling to boost his confidence.
Patients with mental health problems should be encouraged to develop positive thinking.
After the flood, many people are feeling despair and sadness, they need to be made optimistic.
A patient at the hospital said he feels guilty, he needs to be guided in practicing forgiveness.
Patients with mental health problems should be encouraged to adopt a healthy lifestyle, such as regular exercise and healthy eating.
After the flood, many people have increased feelings of loneliness, they should be involved in social activities.
A patient at the hospital said he feels unwanted, he needs to understand his importance.
Patients with mental health problems should be encouraged to express their feelings.
After the flood, many people have increased anxiety and restlessness, they should be taught ways to relax.
A patient who came to the hospital said they couldn't control themselves, they should be given stress management training.
Patients with mental health issues should be shown patience and empathy.
After the flood, many people have started having negative thoughts, they should be taught to focus on positive thoughts.
A patient who came to the hospital said they felt like a failure, they should be inspired to change the definition of success.
Patients with mental health issues should be treated with love and respect.
After the flood, many people have shown a lack of confidence, they should be inspired to believe in their abilities.
A patient who came to the hospital said they felt out of control, they should be taught to control their emotions.
Patients with mental health issues should be encouraged to develop positive habits.
After the flood, many people are afraid about their future, they should be inspired to have an optimistic outlook.
A patient who came to the hospital said they felt lost, they should be helped to find their purpose in life, maybe counseling would help.
Getting a patient who needs eye surgery to the hospital is as challenging as finding a way in this rain.
Bringing a patient with low vision to the pharmacy was made even more difficult for the elderly patient due to the traffic jam.
Eye infections are more common in the village than in the city, maybe due to lack of sanitation.
Patients with eye infections faced even more problems because they couldn't get an ambulance to reach the hospital.
The number of patients having cataract surgery this month is higher than last month.
Compared to other times, the number of patients coming with eye problems has increased this rainy season.
Glaucoma medicine is expensive, so it is difficult for poor patients to buy, the government should provide some help.
This year, it is more difficult than before to get people with low vision to the hospital.
Patients are frustrated with the long lines for eye surgery at the hospital, they should get faster service.
Eye problems caused by diabetes are more complex than problems caused by other things.
For many, wearing glasses is an easier option than getting laser surgery to treat refractive errors.
It takes more time to educate patients from villages about eye issues than city people.
The doctor working at this pharmacy explains things better to patients compared to other doctors.
It's harder to convince patients who are scared of eye surgery than others.
You need to be more careful than usual to avoid eye infections during this rainy season.
The risk of weakening your eyes is higher when driving in the dark than at other times.
You need more time to rest after cataract surgery than at other times.
If glaucoma isn't treated on time, the risk of vision loss increases; it can be more dangerous than other diseases.
I heard this medicine is more effective than others for improving eyesight, but it didn't make much difference.
This year, the eye surgery equipment in the hospital is more modern than before.
This medicine works faster than other medicines to cure eye infections.
Refractive error problems are seen more in adults than in children.
The eye examination machine in the hospital is much better than before.
The number of patients coming for cataract surgery this year is double that of last year.
Raising awareness about eye problems is more important in villages than in cities.
You should follow the doctor's instructions after eye surgery more carefully than other instructions.
Eye allergies during this rainy season are different from allergies at other times.
Laser surgery used in glaucoma treatment is less risky than other surgeries.
The glasses you wear after eye surgery should be special, unlike other glasses.
This pharmacy has cheaper eye medicine than other pharmacies.
Many people believe that government hospitals are better than private hospitals for eye treatment.
After cataract surgery, patients need more rest than usual.
Patients who come to the hospital for eye treatment are more scared than patients with other diseases.
You should be careful during this rainy season because there is a higher risk of eye infections than other times.
It is more difficult to take elderly people with poor eyesight to the hospital than young people.
When bringing a patient who needs eye surgery in an ambulance, more care should be taken than when bringing other patients.
Taking glaucoma medicine regularly is more important than taking high blood pressure medicine.
The bandage used after eye surgery should be softer than other bandages.
After cataract surgery, taking care of your eyes is more important than doing other work.
Students with refractive errors have a harder time seeing the board than other students.
The waiting time for eye surgery in the hospital is longer than for other surgeries.
This pharmacy is more organized than other pharmacies.
The pain caused by an eye infection is more unbearable than other pain.
After eye surgery, the doctor's advice is more important than other advice.
The side effects of taking glaucoma medicine are less than other medicines.
After cataract surgery, protecting your eyes from the sun is more important than other times.
People with refractive errors find it harder to drive than others.
The glasses worn after eye surgery are more expensive than other glasses.
During this rainy season, washing your hands with soap and water to prevent eye infections is more important than other times.
Patients who come to the hospital for eye treatment seem more depressed than patients with other diseases.
If you don't pay attention to hygiene during postpartum, infection can occur and cause health complications.
If you don't boil water and drink it during the rainy season, there is a possibility of getting diarrhea.
Delaying getting to the hospital after labor pains start can be dangerous for both mother and baby.
Smoking and drinking alcohol during pregnancy affects the baby's physical and mental development.
After the baby is born, the mother needs rest; if she doesn't rest, her health may deteriorate.
If you have an unusual odor or itching in the vagina, consult a health worker immediately, it could be a sign of infection.
If you have abdominal pain or bleeding during pregnancy, go to a health facility immediately.
To avoid uterine prolapse after delivery, do not lift heavy objects.
Breastfeed the baby only breast milk for 6 months, otherwise the risk of infection increases.
If you have high blood pressure, reduce your salt intake during pregnancy.
If you have a cough during pregnancy, do not use medicine arbitrarily, consult a doctor.
Not drinking enough water during postpartum can cause constipation.
If there is excessive bleeding after the baby is born, take her to the hospital immediately.
If the baby has a fever, see a doctor immediately, do not delay.
Stress during pregnancy can negatively affect the baby's mental development.
Do not eat too much oily and spicy food during postpartum, it can cause problems in the digestive system.
If you are allergic to any medication, inform the health worker.
Not exercising regularly during pregnancy can increase laziness in the body.
If you have difficulty breathing or chest pain, go to the hospital immediately.
To avoid water infection during pregnancy, drink only clean water.
If you don't maintain personal hygiene after giving birth, the risk of infection increases.
If you have any mental health issues during pregnancy, consult a psychiatrist.
Working while standing for long periods during pregnancy can cause leg swelling.
If the child is not vaccinated on time, there is a possibility of getting various diseases.
If you don't eat enough calorie-rich food after giving birth, your body may become weak.
If you have diabetes during pregnancy, don't eat too many sweet foods.
Don't feed solid food to a baby before 6 months, it can affect their digestive system.
Doing too much heavy work after giving birth can cause the uterus to prolapse.
If you see any symptoms of a sexually transmitted disease, get it checked immediately.
Not resting regularly during pregnancy can increase blood pressure.
Feeding a baby with a bottle can increase the risk of infection.
If you experience symptoms of postpartum depression, consult a psychologist.
Wearing tight clothes during pregnancy can affect blood circulation.
There's the pain of childbirth, but the joint pain feels even worse.
Taking high blood pressure medicine seems normal, but as soon as I stop, it gets worse than before.
Getting regular diabetes checkups is more important than taking high blood pressure medicine.
Just as it is difficult for asthma patients to breathe, it is difficult for arthritis patients to walk.
Having thyroid problems during pregnancy can be more complicated than in a normal state.
Getting arthritis at this age is much more common than getting cancer.
Using antibiotics during pregnancy is more likely to affect the baby than using diarrhea medicine.
Kidney problems are more likely to cause body swelling than liver problems.
Joint pain is different from normal pain, so don't ignore it.
COPD patients have it harder than asthma patients.
Controlling high blood pressure with medicine and lifestyle changes is as important as preventing cancer.
Thyroid problems after giving birth affect both the mother and the baby, and it's more serious than normal.
Giving paracetamol is safer than giving antibiotics right now.
Getting heart disease treatment here is easier than getting cancer treatment.
Arthritis is more common than asthma in old age.
Anti-parasitic medicine affects the stomach more than diarrhea medicine.
Giving thyroid medicine to a child is harder than giving high blood pressure medicine.
Getting asthma treatment in the village is harder than in the city.
Eating sweets for diabetic patients is as harmful as smoking for cancer patients.
Kidney dialysis is much more common than liver transplants in this hospital.
Washing hands is more important than taking fever medicine during this pandemic.
Body aches are normal after giving birth, but swollen joints could be a sign of arthritis.
Antibiotics are more likely to worsen diarrhea than cure it.
Diabetes medicine helps control blood pressure instead of raising it.
Thyroid problems during pregnancy are more dangerous for the baby than for the mother.
Treating cancer is more complex than treating heart disease.
Getting dizzy from high blood pressure medicine is more common than getting dizzy from thyroid medicine.
A person with asthma having a hard time in this weather is different than a person with arthritis having a hard time walking.
Having liver problems after giving birth can be more complicated than having it in a normal state.
Getting cancer tests in a village is harder than getting them in a city.
Giving antibiotics to a postpartum woman is safe, but giving paracetamol is much safer.
Heart treatment in this hospital is easier than kidney treatment.
Weight gain due to thyroid problems is different than weight gain due to high blood pressure.
In COPD treatment, lifestyle changes are as important as chemotherapy in cancer treatment, not just medicine.
Applying warm water to reduce arthritis pain is more effective than applying ice.
Thyroid problems during postpartum can be more dangerous for the baby than for the mother.
Using antibiotics to kill good bacteria in the body is worse than diarrhea medicine killing them.
Taking medicine to reduce arthritis pain is easier than exercising, but exercise is more important.
Having high blood pressure during postpartum is riskier than having it in a normal state.
Washing hands is more important than taking fever medicine in the current pandemic.
If there is high blood pressure during pregnancy, how does it affect the baby?
What preparations should be made before coming to the hospital for safe delivery?
For how long after giving birth can family planning methods be used?
How many times should a newborn baby be breastfed?
What methods are used in the hospital to reduce labor pain?
Which foods benefit both mother and baby during postpartum?
What kind of nutrition does a mother need after giving birth?
How to manage complications that arise during childbirth at home?
What to do if stomach pain doesn't go away after giving birth?
What to do immediately if there is excessive bleeding during childbirth?
Where can I find information about temporary family planning methods?
Which medicine is safe if a mother has a fever during postpartum?
How to get rid of back pain after giving birth?
What should be done to control high blood pressure during pregnancy?
Where can I find safe abortion services?
What is the solution for joint pain in a mother after giving birth?
Which vaccines should be given during pregnancy?
What should be done to prevent infection during postpartum?
What kind of rest does a mother need while breastfeeding?
What effect does diabetes during pregnancy have on the baby?
When does a woman have her first period after giving birth?
How to reduce dizziness during pregnancy?
What to do if there is a problem of constipation during postpartum?
What should be done if the baby is not getting enough milk?
How safe are the pills that women use for family planning?
Which medicine is safe to take for stomach pain during pregnancy?
How much does it cost to deliver a baby at the hospital?
What should I eat to prevent anemia during pregnancy?
What to do if a mother has mental health problems after giving birth?
What medicine should I use if I have an earache during pregnancy?
What kind of hospital should I choose for a safe delivery?
Why is it necessary to breastfeed a baby regularly?
What do I need to do to get permanent family planning?
What kind of exercise is safe to do during pregnancy?
How long does it take for a wound to heal after giving birth?
What kind of infection during pregnancy can affect the baby?
What kind of family planning method is suitable for a mother after giving birth?
What to do if blood sugar levels increase during pregnancy?
If you don't take iron tablets regularly during pregnancy, it will affect both the mother and the baby.
If you don't come to the health post for a safe delivery, there may be risks at home.
If you don't breastfeed the baby on time, they may become malnourished, so be careful.
If you don't use temporary family planning methods, there is a possibility of getting pregnant again.
If you ignore high blood pressure during pregnancy, the lives of both mother and baby may be at risk.
If you get a fever after giving birth and don't inform a health worker immediately, complications can increase.
If you have abdominal pain or bleeding during pregnancy, go to the health post immediately, otherwise it could be dangerous.
If you don't get your baby vaccinated immediately after birth, they can get various diseases.
If you don't eat nutritious food during pregnancy, the baby might be born weak.
After labor pains start, staying home can be dangerous, you should go to the health facility immediately.
Feed the baby only breast milk for 6 months, giving nothing else can protect the baby from infection.
Taking medicine randomly without knowing about family planning can have negative effects on your health.
Doing too much heavy work during pregnancy can cause a miscarriage, take rest.
If there is excessive bleeding after delivery, you could die if you don't get to a health facility right away.
If you don't get regular checkups during pregnancy, you might not know about complications.
Not getting help from trained health workers for safe delivery can be risky for both mother and baby.
Don't take any medicine during pregnancy without a doctor's advice, it can affect the baby.
If you don't pay attention to hygiene during postpartum, infection can cause a big problem.
If the baby is not vaccinated on time, various diseases can bother them in the future.
If you don't use family planning methods, the population will increase and there may be a lack of resources.
If symptoms of high blood pressure appear during pregnancy and you ignore it, you could even die.
If you have symptoms like abdominal pain and foul-smelling discharge from the vagina during postpartum, go to the health post immediately.
If you don't get regular checkups during pregnancy, it can be difficult if you don't know the baby's condition.
If you have an unsafe abortion, the mother's life can be at risk, use safe methods.
Feeding the baby bottled milk can cause infection, prioritize breastfeeding.
Think carefully before adopting a permanent method of family planning, you may regret it later.
Smoking and drinking alcohol during pregnancy seriously affects the baby's health.
If you don't rest during postpartum, you may have a uterine prolapse.
Don't give babies solid food before 6 months, they can have digestive problems.
After you stop using temporary family planning methods, the chances of getting pregnant increase, so be careful.
If you have diabetes during pregnancy and don't treat it right away, it can be dangerous for both mother and baby.
If the uterus isn't cleaned after delivery, it can get infected and be life-threatening, so get it checked on time.
If you don't get regular prenatal checkups, it can affect the baby's growth and development.
Unsafe delivery can have long-term effects on the health of both mother and baby.
If you don't breastfeed the baby enough, their immunity can become weak.
If you experience side effects while using family planning methods, consult a health worker immediately.
If you take mental stress during pregnancy, it affects the baby's mental development, so try to be happy.
Relying only on home remedies during postpartum can increase the risk of infection, so consult a health worker.
If a baby has diarrhea and you delay giving Jeevan Jal, they can get dehydrated and it can be dangerous.
If you have misconceptions about family planning and don't use methods, you can have an unintended pregnancy.
Even if you see symptoms of high blood pressure during pregnancy, ignoring it can affect your kidneys and liver.
If you continue to bleed for many days after delivery, don't ignore it, it could be a sign of infection.
If you don't take regular iron tablets during pregnancy, you can become anemic and it will affect both mother and baby.
If you have an unsafe abortion, the uterus can get infected and you may not be able to have children in the future.
If you don't wrap the baby in warm clothes immediately after birth, their body temperature can drop and cause problems.
If you have any problems using family planning methods, contact the health post.
If you take pain medication randomly during pregnancy, it can affect the baby's kidneys.
If you don't rest during postpartum, you may suffer from back pain problems.
Only breastfeed the baby for 6 months, otherwise the baby's immunity might get weak.
If you don't use family planning, poverty can increase, plan according to your capacity.
Cancer patients in the emergency ward need immediate treatment.
High blood pressure can cause more complications for patients.
Diabetic patients should get their blood sugar checked regularly.
Patients with breathing problems might need an inhaler immediately.
Many patients who came to the emergency have shown symptoms of heart disease.
Elderly patients are having difficulty walking because of rheumatism.
Patients with thyroid problems need medicine to maintain hormone balance.
Patients with liver problems need special care and diet.
Patients with kidney problems may need dialysis.
Patients suspected of having skin cancer have been sent for biopsy.
Patients with broken bones in the emergency ward need immediate plastering.
Patients with tooth problems are writhing in pain.
Patients having an asthma attack should be given an inhaler immediately.
Many people have come with pain in their hands and feet due to arthritis.
Patients with high fever in the emergency have been given paracetamol.
Morphine may need to be given to the patient to reduce cancer pain.
Diabetic patients have been advised to take regular medication.
The patient's blood needs to be tested to check for thyroid.
To find out liver problems, you have to do different tests.
To reduce kidney stone pain, you should give pain medicine.
Patients suspected of bone cancer should be referred for more tests.
To reduce the risk of lung cancer, you should advise them not to smoke.
Patients with skin allergies should be given antihistamine medicine.
Patients with tooth decay are advised to see a dentist.
Chemotherapy has an important role in cancer treatment.
To control high blood pressure, you need to change your lifestyle.
In the emergency, diabetic patients came in unconscious.
Patients with breathing problems may need to be put on a ventilator.
Heart patients are advised to exercise regularly.
To reduce the pain of rheumatism, you should do physiotherapy.
Many women are affected by thyroid problems.
To avoid liver problems, don't drink alcohol.
To avoid kidney disease, you should drink plenty of water.
Many elderly cancer patients have come to the emergency.
Patients with broken bones should be given pain medicine.
Patients with lung infections should be given antibiotics.
Patients with skin infections are advised to keep clean.
There are many patients with toothache in the emergency ward.
People with asthma are advised to avoid pollution.
To reduce arthritis pain, apply hot water.
Cancer can be cured if detected early.
Diabetic patients are advised to stay away from sweet foods.
Patients with high blood pressure are advised to eat less salt.
Adopt a healthy lifestyle to avoid heart disease.
If you have a thyroid problem, see a doctor immediately.
To avoid liver disease, don't eat junk food.
Diarrhea patients are increasing in the hospital, there are not enough medicines to control cholera.
Antifungal medicine is always out of stock in this hospital, patients are suffering.
It's hard to even get paracetamol to reduce fever, how to cure patients in this situation?
Many patients who come here for treatment have jaundice, there is a risk of a hepatitis outbreak.
Leptospirosis patients are increasing this year due to heavy rainfall, there is a lack of space in the hospital.
There is not enough rabies vaccine in the hospital, patients bitten by dogs are having problems.
There are not enough antidepressants here, patients with mental health problems are having a very hard time.
The pressure of diarrhea patients has increased due to garbage around the hospital during the rainy season, attention should be paid to cleanliness.
Typhoid patients are increasing here daily, this is happening due to the drinking water problem.
Patients with high blood pressure are having problems because there is not enough antihypertensive medicine here.
Patients with meningitis are increasing in this hospital, there are not enough facilities for the treatment of meningitis.
There are many patients coming to the hospital with skin problems, this is happening due to lack of cleanliness.
Diarrhea patients are increasing here, it's time to pay attention to the purity of drinking water.
Due to insufficient medicine in this hospital, patients are forced to go to private clinics.
Cold and cough patients have increased, but there aren't enough medicines in the hospital.
The outbreak of diarrhea and vomiting is increasing here, but there isn't enough Jeevan Jal.
The equipment in this hospital is broken, it's difficult to examine patients.
Due to water accumulation in the hospital, mosquitoes have increased, the fear of dengue has increased.
Due to the lack of health workers here, patients are not getting treatment on time.
It is difficult to handle the patient load in this hospital, more manpower is needed.
Due to the lack of toilet cleaning here, the risk of infection has increased.
Due to the lack of proper waste management in the hospital, bad odor has spread.
Due to the lack of laboratory facilities in this hospital, we are forced to send [samples] elsewhere for testing.
Patients are forced to stand in line for a long time here, the waiting room management is not good.
Due to the lack of sufficient beds in this hospital, patients are forced to be treated on the floor.
Treatment has been hampered here due to the lack of regular power supply in the hospital.
Patients are having problems here due to the lack of proper drinking water in this hospital.
Theft incidents are increasing here due to the lack of security personnel in the hospital.
There is a lack of space to counsel patients in the hospital, it is difficult to inform them.
It is difficult to maintain the privacy of patients in this hospital, the room is narrow.
It is difficult to view online reports here due to the lack of internet facility in the hospital.
There is a lack of space to feed patients in the hospital, there is no organized canteen.
This hospital doesn't have easy access for old and disabled patients.
Patients are stressed here in the hospital because there's no sports or recreation.
There's no hot water for patients in this hospital, it's a problem in the cold.
Patients keep complaining about the behavior of the staff working in the hospital here.
The service hasn't been effective because there's no system to train staff in the hospital.
This hospital lacks materials used in emergencies for patients.
There are complaints that treatment fees are expensive here in the hospital, it's a problem for poor patients.
Even though there's health insurance here in this hospital, it's hard to get service easily.
Because there's a lack of antibiotic medicine in this hospital, patients with infections are having problems.
Scabies patients are increasing in this hospital, but cleanliness isn't being taken care of.
Nurses working here in the hospital are having a hard time working because there isn't enough rest for them.
The equipment needed for treatment in this hospital is old, so there's a problem.
There's no separate ward to keep patients with infectious diseases in this hospital.
This hospital doesn't have enough equipment for regular checkups that patients need.
Patients keep complaining that doctors don't come regularly to this hospital.
Patients are forced to wait a long time to get medicine in this hospital.
Patients who come to this hospital for treatment are facing parking problems.
There's a complaint that patients are charged a lot for blood tests in the hospital.
This happened to the child because of iron deficiency, feed iron-rich food regularly.
Malnutrition affects the physical and mental development of the child, so pay attention to the diet.
If breast milk isn't enough, the baby needs extra nutrition.
If obesity keeps increasing, there's a risk of getting diseases like diabetes and high blood pressure.
Due to vitamin deficiency, problems like weak eyes and dry skin can appear.
It's very important to give deworming medicine to kids, it kills the worms in their stomach.
To fulfill the body's need for protein, you should eat beans and meat.
Iodine deficiency can cause thyroid problems, so use iodized salt.
If you don't pay attention to a balanced diet, your body can lack various nutrients.
The habit of feeding junk food to children from a young age can increase obesity.
Due to protein deficiency, the child's growth and development is hindered.
Don't use vitamin supplements without a doctor's advice.
Due to lack of nutritious food, the body's immunity becomes weak.
If malnutrition is seen in a child, contact a health facility immediately.
Give the child ORS, it prevents dehydration in the body.
Iron deficiency causes anemia, so the child becomes weak.
Due to lack of a balanced diet, the body may lack essential micronutrients.
When giving extra food to the baby, pay attention to whether he/she is allergic to it.
It is necessary to exercise daily to control obesity.
Due to vitamin deficiency, problems like weak nails and dull skin occur.
Deworming medicine kills harmful worms in the stomach.
Protein-rich food makes the body strong and increases the ability to fight disease.
Lack of iodine can cause goiter.
If the baby's weight is low, take them to a nutrition rehabilitation center.
To reduce obesity, you should eat less sweet and oily food.
Vitamin supplements help balance the amount of vitamins in the body.
Malnutrition negatively affects the development of a child's brain.
Foods like porridge and gruel can be given to the child as supplementary food.
Iron deficiency can cause a lack of concentration in children.
A balanced diet provides the energy the body needs.
Obesity can cause joint pain problems.
Vitamin deficiency can affect the nervous system.
Deworming medicine should be given every 6 months.
Protein deficiency causes muscle weakness.
Iodine deficiency can affect a child's mental development.
To improve a child's nutritional status, the mother should pay special attention to her diet.
To lose weight, you should eat foods with fewer calories.
Give vitamin supplements only on doctor's advice.
Get a health check-up on time to avoid malnutrition.
When starting supplementary food, give soft and easily digestible food.
Iron deficiency causes the child to get tired quickly.
Include fruits and vegetables in a balanced diet without fail.
To reduce obesity, increase physical activity regularly.
Vitamin deficiency can cause various skin problems.
Deworming medicine destroys worms in the stomach.
Protein deficiency makes it difficult to repair body tissues.
Iodine deficiency affects the thyroid gland.
For a child's nutrition, the mother should drink plenty of water.
Diabetic patients need to adjust their insulin dosage.
If a child has malnutrition, there is a risk of weak eyesight.
As an ambulance driver, I wanted to know what kind of treatment is given to TB patients in this rehabilitation center.
What kind of diet is given to diabetic patients here, please tell me!
Can patients with high blood pressure be admitted to this center or not?
What kind of facilities are available here for patients with eye problems?
Can a patient with a broken back from an accident be brought here or not?
Can I get information on whether malaria patients are treated here or not?
How many days should a dengue patient be kept in this rehabilitation center?
What kind of arrangements are there here for those suffering from COVID-19?
What kind of medicine is given to typhoid patients here?
What kind of care is given to cholera patients after they are admitted here?
What kind of treatment method is adopted here for hepatitis patients?
What preparations should be made before bringing leptospirosis patients here?
What's the oxygen situation like here for patients with lung problems?
What kind of service do you provide here for patients with ear problems?
What's the insulin situation like here?
Is TB medicine available here regularly or not?
Is there a facility to check for diabetes here or not?
Do you do regular checkups for high blood pressure here or not?
What facilities are available here for testing for TB?
Is there an eye doctor here?
Is there physiotherapy available here for patients with back problems?
For how long are malaria patients kept under observation here?
How long does it take to get a dengue test result here?
For how many days are COVID-19 patients kept in isolation here?
How many days does it take to get a typhoid report?
What kind of food arrangements are there here for cholera patients?
What kind of counseling is given here to hepatitis patients?
For how many days do leptospirosis patients need to be kept here?
What kind of breathing equipment do you have here for lung patients?
Which doctors are available here for patients with ear infections?
Are there yoga classes here for diabetic patients?
What kind of exercise is done here to lower high blood pressure?
What kind of precautions are suggested for TB patients here?
What kind of arrangements are there for eye surgery here?
Is there a massage facility here to reduce back pain?
What kind of environment are malaria patients kept in here?
Is there a mosquito net arrangement for dengue patients here?
What kind of entertainment programs are there for COVID-19 patients here?
What kind of cleanliness is maintained for typhoid patients here?
Is boiled water given to cholera patients here?
What kind of food is given to hepatitis patients here?
What things should be taken care of for leptospirosis patients here?
How much does insulin cost for diabetic patients here?
How much does high blood pressure medicine cost here?
Is TB medicine available for free here?
How much does it cost for eye treatment here?
How long does it take to get a lung test here?
Because of the flood, my asthma problem has increased, I feel like I have difficulty breathing," a patient said.
The climate here further affects asthma patients, so use your inhaler regularly," the health worker advised.
Diabetic patients are at risk of infection from floodwater, take precautions," I said.
Stress greatly affects high blood pressure patients, take special care of your health in the post-flood situation," the health worker suggested.
TB patients may have difficulty getting medicine due to the flood, we will help," a health volunteer said.
To prevent malaria, use mosquito nets and come to the hospital immediately if you have a fever, I informed.
Dengue outbreak is increasing, so don't let water collect around your house, the health worker requested.
The risk of Covid-19 is still there, testing should be increased in flood-affected areas, a doctor said.
To avoid typhoid, drink only boiled water, pay special attention to hygiene, a health worker suggested.
To avoid diseases like diarrhea and cholera, eat food that is cooked well, I said.
To avoid hepatitis, drink clean water and pay attention to personal hygiene, the health worker suggested.
To avoid leptospirosis, take precautions when walking in flood water, I informed.
Joint pain problem has increased, it's hard to work because of the flood, an old man complained.
I am suffering from back pain, it was very difficult to move things in the flood, a victim said.
I am very scared because I am afraid of getting a lung infection, a patient said.
Blood infection can occur due to contaminated water from the flood, be aware, a doctor warned.
Asthma patients need inhalers very much at this time, we are distributing them, the health worker said.
You probably have worms in your stomach, take antiparasitic medicine, the doctor advised.
You have a lack of blood, so take iron tablets, the nurse said.
Diabetic patients should take insulin regularly, otherwise the problem may increase, the doctor said.
Even if it is difficult to come to the hospital due to the flood, do not stop taking asthma medicine regularly, I said.
Patients with high blood pressure should eat less salt, the health worker suggested.
Take tuberculosis medicine regularly, do not stop in the middle, the doctor said.
To avoid malaria, be sure to use mosquito nets at night, the health worker suggested.
To avoid dengue, wear long-sleeved clothes, I informed.
Get vaccinated to protect yourself from Covid-19, a health worker urges.
It's safe to get the typhoid vaccine, the doctor said.
Pay attention to sanitation to prevent a cholera outbreak, the health worker said.
Drink clean water and eat clean food to avoid Hepatitis A, I said.
If you have a wound, get it treated immediately to reduce the risk of leptospirosis, the health worker suggested.
Apply warm water to reduce joint pain, a doctor advised.
Rest to reduce back pain, the nurse said.
Stay away from dust to avoid lung infection, I said.
Come to the hospital immediately if you see a blood infection, the doctor warned.
Use an inhaler immediately if you feel like your asthma is getting worse, the health worker said.
Antiparasitic medicine kills worms and reduces stomach pain, the doctor said.
Iron tablets increase blood and reduce weakness, the nurse said.
Insulin balances the amount of sugar in the blood, the doctor said.
Many people are having trouble getting TB medicine because of the flood, don't worry, we will help, the health worker said.
Exercise regularly to control high blood pressure, the health worker suggested.
Don't let water collect around the house to avoid malaria, I informed.
Stay indoors in the evening and morning to avoid dengue, the health worker urged.
Get tested immediately if you have symptoms of Covid-19, the health worker urged.
Get typhoid treated on time, otherwise serious problems can occur, the doctor said.
Wash your hands thoroughly before eating to avoid cholera, I said.
To avoid hepatitis, don't use needles that other people have used, the health worker suggested.
To avoid leptospirosis, wear gloves and boots when working in flood water, the health worker informed.
Diabetic patients should get their blood checked regularly, the doctor said.
If you feel like your asthma has increased due to the flood, come to the hospital immediately, the health worker said.
If the fever doesn't go down even after taking medicine, get tested for malaria, I said.
Check the expiry date when buying this medicine, it should be effective later on.
Take the medicine prescribed by the doctor regularly, stopping in between can worsen the problem.
Dad's sugar is high so he needs to control sweet foods, otherwise it will get worse.
Being weak could be because of taking too much medicine, so it's good to consult a doctor.
If you have an allergic reaction to the medicine, you should inform the doctor immediately.
If you don't take your sugar medicine on time, you may feel dizzy and faint.
If you see side effects of the medicine, you should contact the doctor immediately.
In old age, immunity is low, so be careful to avoid infection.
This medicine should not be taken on an empty stomach, it can cause stomach pain.
Dad's blood pressure is high so he needs to reduce salty foods.
Do not take any medicine without a doctor's advice, it can have negative effects.
If mom doesn't sleep well at night, it can lead to various problems.
Grandpa's memory is getting weaker due to Alzheimer's, don't leave him alone.
Asthma patients should avoid the cold, otherwise the wheezing may increase.
If diabetic patients do not exercise regularly, the disease is likely to worsen.
Since father has high blood pressure, he should be kept away from stress.
To protect elderly people from infection, special attention should be paid to cleanliness.
After taking diabetes medicine, you shouldn't delay eating, glucose levels can drop.
Keep this medicine out of reach of children, it can be dangerous.
Mother's asthma has increased, so she should be taken to the hospital immediately, don't delay.
Diabetic patients should be careful because eating sweet foods can increase sugar levels.
If you don't give time to the child, the mother's depression can increase, pay attention.
Regular painkillers can affect the kidneys, don't take them without a doctor's advice.
If you feel too stressed while staying at the hospital as a patient caregiver, it is good to get psychosocial counseling.
To prevent suicide, always be optimistic and motivate others too.
Worrying about the future of children can increase high blood pressure, so take antihypertensive medicine regularly.
If you don't feel like working due to mental problems, consult a psychiatrist, this is a warning.
If you don't take iron tablets during pregnancy, it will affect the baby, take them on time.
Too much stress can cause stomach pain, you should rest.
There is a risk of depression during postpartum, contact a health worker immediately.
If you see mental health problems in the community, inform the health volunteer.
If you have constant headaches and ringing in the ears, it could be due to psychological reasons, get it checked.
If your muscles become stiff due to stress, get a massage.
High stress during pregnancy can affect the baby's mental development, be careful.
Prolonged stress can lead to heart problems, get treatment on time.
Ignoring mental health problems can increase the risk of suicide.
Many women are at risk of postpartum depression, get it identified and treated early.
If depression makes it difficult to do daily tasks, consult a psychiatrist.
Pregnant women should do yoga and meditation to reduce stress, otherwise it will affect the baby.
If you have trouble sleeping due to work stress, consult a doctor.
If you see symptoms of depression, don't ignore it, get treatment immediately.
Constant stress reduces immunity, so relax.
Before attempting suicide, think about your family once.
If someone in your community is suffering from mental health issues, help them.
Many mothers don't even know about regular checkups, they come and ask at the health post, but how can we go door-to-door and tell them?
There isn't even safe water here, how can we teach them to keep their hands clean?
Where's the regular blood pressure checking machine? It's been broken for so long, nobody cares.
They ask when the health camp for children's vaccination is coming, how would I know!
We've put up a leaflet about hand hygiene, but there's no one here to read it.
Women just don't agree to come for cervical cancer screening, they say they're ashamed.
We called the elderly for eye check-ups, but no one came.
Patients with diarrhea keep coming here, this problem will remain until there is a solution for clean water.
The government said they'd give free medicine, but there's nothing except paracetamol.
This health post doesn't even have a good painkiller, what kind of treatment can we give?
We're supposed to distribute iron tablets to pregnant women, but there's no telling when they'll arrive.
They say dengue spread in the village, but there's no medicine to control mosquitoes.
So many people need blood pressure medicine, but there's no stock here.
Patients come complaining of stomach pain, but there's no medicine.
It's hard to get basic health services here, how to provide other facilities?
Many children are victims of malnutrition, but the nutrition program isn't effective.
Many people don't want to come because the health post is far, it would be easier if there was a health camp in the village.
Health education programs should be run regularly here, but who will do it?
The government talks about health insurance, but it's difficult to get even normal treatment here.
People here buy and eat medicine randomly, how to explain to them?
Many have diabetes, but there's no facility to get it checked.
Old people are troubled by joint pain, but there's no pain relief medicine.
There's no place to have a safe delivery here, how to talk about safe motherhood?
They don't know that they should get vaccinated regularly, that's why many children get sick.
It's hard to explain the importance of cleanliness to the people here.
There isn't enough manpower in the health post, how to serve everyone?
The government doesn't give enough budget to the health post, how to improve it?
People here believe in traditional treatment, they don't want to come to modern medicine.
Many women suffer from anemia, but they don't want to take iron tablets.
People here are afraid to talk about mental health.
Many young people are trapped in smoking and alcohol, how to save them?
People here don't care about eating nutritious food, that's why they get sick a lot.
There's no electricity in the health post, what to do if a patient comes at night?
The ambulance service here isn't good either, it's hard to get patients to the hospital on time.
There's no internet at the health post, it's a problem to send online reports.
People here don't take health problems seriously, they don't come to the hospital until it's really bad.
People here need to be informed about health insurance, many don't even know about it.
There's no facility for cancer screening here, where to send the patients?
Even if you tell them to come for regular check-ups, no one cares.
There's an arsenic problem in the water here, but no one cares. There should be safe water.
Very few people come to the health camp, it's hard to understand why.
Old people have eye problems, but they don't want to come for treatment.
There are many asthma patients because of the climate here, but there's not enough medicine.
There are many diseases from mosquito bites, but there's not much effort to control them.
Many people here don't use toilets, so diseases keep spreading.
We need to teach them about the habit of washing hands regularly, but who will listen?
No one is willing to give health education to the people here.
Because of poverty, many people can't afford treatment, the government should do something.
The road condition here is bad, it's very difficult to get patients to the hospital.
It's very difficult to make people here understand the importance of health services.
It's hard to say if this fever is typhoid or not without testing, compared to dengue.
Having high blood pressure during pregnancy is a more complex problem than having diabetes.
It's hard to tell if this pain is joint pain or muscle pain.
The risk of COVID-19 is decreasing now compared to tuberculosis.
This time, paracetamol seems more effective than the medicines used to treat malaria.
This medicine lowers blood pressure, but it doesn't have side effects like antidepressants.
Taking iron tablets during pregnancy is more important than taking high blood pressure medicine.
Controlling cholera infection is harder than controlling typhoid.
We need to check if this cough is due to tuberculosis or just a common cold.
Treating malaria is easier than treating dengue.
Changing your lifestyle to control high blood pressure is more important than taking diabetes medicine.
We can only say if this fever is hepatitis or not after testing for typhoid.
The risk of high blood pressure in pregnant women is higher than the risk of diabetes.
We need to find out if this pain is from a back problem or a muscle strain.
Treating COVID-19 is easier than treating leptospirosis.
This medicine has fewer side effects than malaria medicine.
Antibiotics don't cure all infections, like they don't control high blood pressure.
Taking iron tablets during pregnancy is safer than taking blood pressure medicine.
Paying attention to cleanliness to control cholera is more important than taking typhoid medicine.
Even though this cough looks like tuberculosis, it could be a common cold.
It's easier to control diabetes with medicine than to control high blood pressure with medicine.
Dengue test is faster than malaria test.
Whether this fever is hepatitis or typhoid, can't say without a blood test.
High blood pressure treatment can take longer than diabetes treatment.
Compared to COVID-19, TB medicine needs to be taken regularly.
Controlling a dengue epidemic is harder than controlling malaria.
Whether this pain is from the joints or muscles, can be said by looking at the nature of the pain.
The medicines used in TB treatment are stronger than COVID-19 medicines.
Taking precautions to avoid dengue is easier than avoiding malaria.
Eating less salt to control high blood pressure is more important than eating less sugar in diabetes.
Hepatitis treatment can be more expensive than typhoid treatment.
Controlling high blood pressure during pregnancy is more challenging than controlling diabetes.
Leptospirosis treatment is different than COVID-19 treatment.
This fever medicine has fewer side effects than malaria medicine.
This antidepressant can raise blood pressure, but antibiotics don't do that.
Cholera vaccine might be more effective than typhoid vaccine.
This cough, is it because of TB or seasonal flu, needs to be checked.
Dengue infection can spread faster than malaria infection.
The effects of high blood pressure medicine are different than the effects of diabetes medicine.
Hepatitis symptoms can be more complex than typhoid symptoms.
TB treatment is longer than COVID-19 treatment.
Spraying mosquito repellent to control malaria is more effective than controlling dengue.
Joint pain can be more unbearable than muscle pain.
TB medicine has more side effects than COVID-19 medicine.
The precautions to take to avoid dengue are different than the precautions to take to avoid malaria.
Controlling high blood pressure during pregnancy is more complicated than controlling diabetes.
The symptoms of leptospirosis are less noticeable than those of COVID-19.
Treating cholera is easier than treating typhoid.
High blood pressure medicine is cheaper compared to diabetes medicine.
Testing for TB is easier than testing for COVID-19.
Due to lack of facilities in the village, many patients are forced to go to the city for surgery.
In this health post, medicine for normal pain is available, but if there is a complex problem, you have to go elsewhere for dialysis.
After it became difficult to walk due to joint pain, the village healer suggested home remedies.
Since the hospital is far, give them ORS for now, the ambulance will arrive.
Show them to a herbal treatment center once to see if Ayurvedic medicine will cure it.
Maybe because they are very weak, the doctor has advised them to take iron pills.
This health post does not have the necessary equipment for dental treatment.
Patients with high sugar should be given regular insulin, otherwise it will be difficult.
Patients have a lot of problems because there is no ICU service in this remote place.
Call an ambulance because the patient needs immediate oxygen.
Here, it is difficult to give paracetamol even to a patient with a normal fever, what to give expensive medicine!
I have to go to the city to treat the broken bone from the accident.
I have to take my elderly mother to the hospital because her asthma got worse; there's no oxygen here.
The doctor gave me antibiotics for this cold and cough.
Due to the lack of medicine in the village, it's difficult to even treat a minor wound.
Many people in the village are sick because they can't get medicine, is there any solution?
The cancer patient needs radiation therapy, so we have to take them to a well-equipped hospital.
Many diseases cannot be treated in this health post because it lacks modern equipment.
Because there are no specialist doctors in the village, we are forced to go to the city for treatment.
Only Ayurvedic medicine is available here; there is no provision for allopathic medicine.
Even after taking medicine, I'm not getting better, so I should see a good doctor once.
The patient had difficulty breathing, so we had to take them to the hospital immediately.
We should organize a health camp in the village and examine the patients.
Here, there's only medicine to reduce the normal pain from injuries.
There is a risk of the disease recurring if you don't take medicine regularly.
The villagers have collected donations to raise money for treatment.
Due to the lack of medicine, many patients are forced to go to the hospital.
The facility to provide chemotherapy for cancer treatment is not available in the hospital here.
The doctor checked my ear and prescribed medicine.
Many patients have lost their lives in the village due to lack of access to health services.
The government should run free health camps in the village.
The patient needs saline water right away, so we have to take them to the hospital.
There's no arrangement for heart disease treatment in this hospital.
Because of lack of awareness in the village, many people only trust home remedies.
The doctor advised to use antifungal cream for the skin infection.
Many patients have felt relief since the dialysis service started in this hospital.
The patient who needs surgery has to be taken to Kathmandu by helicopter.
Since there's no one to do physiotherapy in this village, there's an obligation to go to the city.
The government should arrange for specialist doctors in the village.
Because there aren't enough medicines in the hospital, patients are forced to buy from outside.
Unable to manage treatment costs, many patients are forced to stay at home.
It's hard to even find medicine for a normal headache here.
Even though there's a health post in the village, the doctor only comes sometimes.
Because there's no X-ray machine in this hospital, patients are having problems.
Health volunteers go house to house and distribute medicine in the village.
Pregnant women should be advised to take iron tablets regularly.
Many have felt relief since the health insurance program was implemented here.
The doctor recommended seeing a dentist for the tooth treatment.
Because there's no hospital in the village, even normal patients have to be taken to the city.
After not getting cured by Ayurvedic treatment, we had to go to an allopathic hospital.
While driving the ambulance, many patients are found to come with stomach pain due to hepatitis.
Today at the pharmacy, a mother was looking for paracetamol for her child's fever, I think it might be a symptom of COVID-19.
I heard that this pharmacy has cheap insulin for diabetic patients.
Many people in the village are sick with diarrhea, I wonder if it's a cholera outbreak!
This medicine is always needed for patients with high blood pressure, is it available here?
I know that tuberculosis medicine must be taken regularly, otherwise it won't be cured.
The risk of malaria is high in this season, precautions should be taken.
Does this pharmacy have dengue test kits?
I came to get my child checked because I suspect they have typhoid.
Drink boiled water, you can avoid cholera.
To avoid hepatitis, you should pay attention to cleanliness.
If you see symptoms of leptospirosis, go to the hospital immediately.
I heard that this medicine regulates the heartbeat.
Does this medicine affect the kidneys, we should ask the doctor.
Increased blood sugar levels can lead to the risk of diabetes.
I feel much better after taking depression medicine.
The child has diarrhea, so they should be given ORS.
Iron tablets are very essential for pregnant women.
This medicine cures stomach infections, it's an antibiotic.
Diabetic patients should have regular check-ups.
To control high blood pressure, you should eat less salt.
It takes a long time to cure TB.
To avoid malaria, you should use a mosquito net.
To avoid dengue, don't let water collect around the house.
To avoid Covid-19, you should get vaccinated.
To avoid typhoid, you should eat clean food.
To avoid cholera, you should pay attention to personal hygiene.
To avoid hepatitis, you shouldn't eat contaminated food and water.
To avoid leptospirosis, you should be careful when working in the fields.
To avoid kidney problems, you should drink plenty of water.
To avoid heart disease, you should eat less oily food.
When bringing patients in an ambulance, many blood tests have to be done.
You should take diabetes medicine regularly, otherwise the problem will increase.
You should take high blood pressure medicine without fail.
You shouldn't stop taking TB medicine in the middle.
Malaria should be treated on time.
You should rest for dengue treatment.
If you see symptoms of Covid-19, you should get tested immediately.
To test for typhoid, you should get a blood test.
You should drink enough water for cholera treatment.
You should take doctor's advice for hepatitis treatment.
You need antibiotics to treat leptospirosis.
You should get regular checkups for heart treatment.
You should consult a specialist doctor for kidney treatment.
Since the blood pressure is high, you should take them to the hospital immediately.
Since you have a fever, you should get tested for COVID-19.
This medicine lowers high blood pressure.
Dengue patients are increasing here.
Diabetic patients shouldn't eat sugar.
I heard that this Ayurvedic medicine is good for hepatitis.
Many people are having stomach problems after the flood, get it checked at the health camp once.
If treatment isn't possible here, you might have to be referred to Kathmandu immediately.
If you have a health insurance card, it's easier to pay the hospital bill.
This medicine is an antibiotic, it won't work if you don't complete the course.
If you need to call an ambulance, call 112.
Free health services are also available here for patients with weak financial conditions.
Information for taking telemedicine service is given on the hospital's website.
Did you get your teeth checked at the health camp?
Do you know the emergency helpline number? You can call if there's any emergency.
The kidney problem is getting complicated, we need to refer you for further treatment.
Patients with health insurance are given priority in the hospital.
Does this medicine affect the stomach?
There are free health services available for financially poor patients.
It's probably time to renew your health insurance, please check.
Specialist doctors do checkups at the health camp here.
If you need ambulance service, please contact the hospital reception.
If you see any health problems, call the emergency helpline immediately.
Is there a fee to consult with telemedicine or not?
Health insurance might be useful because the treatment cost seems high.
Where should I call for an ambulance in an emergency?
Since many people are sick because of the flood, it seems like a health camp should be organized.
There seems to be a problem with your liver, you need further examination.
Does this medicine cause stomach pain if taken on an empty stomach?
You can ask if you need more information about health insurance.
What documents are needed to get free health service?
Do you need a referral letter?
Telemedicine service might be effective for this problem.
Health insurance reduces a lot of hospital expenses.
It seems like a health camp needs to be conducted in the flood-affected area.
How long does it take for the ambulance to arrive?
What is included under free health services?
If I call the emergency helpline, will I get help right away?
You have to fill out an online form for the telemedicine service.
How much do I have to pay for health insurance?
You should see a specialist doctor for your stomach problem.
Is dental treatment free here?
The government has arranged health insurance for underprivileged citizens.
Does this medicine affect the kidneys or not?
Come to the health camp and get your health checked.
Ambulance service is available 24 hours a day.
Where should I contact to get information about free health services?
Always keep the emergency helpline number with you.
Telemedicine service is convenient even for patients who are far away.
It seems that treatment is very expensive without health insurance.
Free health service is available in this hospital for the poor and helpless.
This antibiotic is very good for your stomach problem.
What kind of effect does COVID have on diabetic patients?
How risky is it to take people with high blood pressure to the hospital during this pandemic?
How can we provide health services to people with thyroid problems in this community?
How can we help arthritis patients during this pandemic?
If asthma patients need oxygen, is ambulance service available or not?
For COPD patients, what precautions should be taken in the ambulance when taking them to the hospital?
What should be done to protect elderly people with heart disease from Covid?
How risky is infection when taking cancer patients to the hospital for regular checkups?
How can diabetic patients be given health services at home during this time?
Can herbs found in the village be used to control high blood pressure?
Can dialysis services be made available at home for people with kidney problems?
How to save patients with liver problems during this pandemic?
How to get the necessary medicine to the village for thyroid patients?
What kind of home remedies can be done in the village to reduce arthritis pain?
Can information be given to asthma patients on how to use inhalers during this time?
How to mentally strengthen COPD patients during this pandemic?
How to encourage heart patients to take regular medication?
Should special precautions be taken in the ambulance when taking cancer patients to the hospital?
What kind of food should diabetic patients pay attention to during this time?
What advice to give to high blood pressure patients to reduce stress?
What alternatives can be given to kidney patients when dialysis services are not available?
How to protect people with liver problems from infection during this pandemic?
What to do if people with thyroid problems get a cough?
Can pain relievers be delivered on time to arthritis patients?
Can asthma patients be taught how to use an inhaler during this time?
What should COPD patients do if they have breathing problems during this pandemic?
Is it safe for heart patients to get vaccinated?
What to feed cancer patients to boost their immunity during this time?
What medicine to give diabetic patients if they have a fever?
Can paracetamol be given to high blood pressure patients if they have a headache?
What dosage of pain medication should be given to kidney patients?
If patients with liver problems have difficulties, can they be taken to the hospital immediately?
How to teach thyroid patients to manage stress?
Can rheumatoid arthritis patients be encouraged to exercise regularly?
How to protect asthma patients from dust and smoke during this time?
How to protect COPD patients from pneumonia during this pandemic?
How safe is it for heart patients to eat salty foods at this time?
How to make cancer patients mentally strong during this time?
How to teach diabetic patients about foot care during this pandemic?
Can high blood pressure patients be taught how to measure blood pressure during this time?
How much water should kidney patients drink during this time?
What should patients with liver problems not eat during this time?
How necessary is it for thyroid patients to eat iodized salt during this time?
What foods should be given to rheumatoid arthritis patients to strengthen their bones during this time?
What to do if asthma patients have chest pain during this time?
If COPD patients cough during this time, what medicine should we give?
If heart patients have chest pain during this time, what should we do?
For cancer patients, what dosage of pain medication should be given during this time?
If diabetic patients have eye problems during this epidemic, what should be done?
If patients with high blood pressure have ear problems during this time, what should be done?
To control diabetes, get regular blood tests.
Take your high blood pressure medicine on time, don't forget.
Drink plenty of water to avoid kidney problems.
To avoid liver disease, don't eat oily and spicy food.
It's good to get your thyroid checked regularly.
To reduce arthritis pain, you should do physiotherapy.
If you have asthma, stay away from dust and smoke.
To avoid COPD, quit smoking completely.
Get regular health checkups to reduce the risk of cancer.
Pregnant women with diabetes should take special precautions.
Mothers with high blood pressure should be careful when breastfeeding.
Feed nutritious food to children with kidney problems.
Keep children with liver disease away from junk food.
If you have thyroid problems, take medicine according to the doctor's advice.
People with arthritis should rest their joints.
If asthma gets worse, go to the hospital immediately.
COPD patients should take medicine regularly.
Because of heart problems, you should eat less salty food.
Cancer patients should have positive thinking.
To avoid diabetes complications, exercise regularly.
To control high blood pressure, reduce stress.
To keep kidneys healthy, reduce the use of painkillers.
If you have liver problems, don't drink alcohol.
Thyroid medicine should be taken regularly, don't skip it.
To avoid rheumatism, keep your body warm.
Asthma patients should always keep an inhaler with them.
To reduce the risk of COPD, treat coughs as soon as they occur.
Heart patients should not take medicine without doctor's advice.
Chemotherapy may be necessary in cancer treatment.
Diabetic patients should take special care of their skin.
High blood pressure patients should take antihypertensive medicine regularly.
Patients with kidney problems should not eat foods high in protein.
Patients with liver disease should get vaccinated against hepatitis.
You should go on an empty stomach when getting a thyroid test.
Rheumatism patients should eat foods that strengthen bones and joints.
Asthma patients, use a mask to avoid pollution.
COPD patients should take oxygen as advised by the doctor.
Heart patients should keep their cholesterol levels under control.
If you see early signs of cancer, see a doctor immediately.
Diabetic patients, stay away from sugary foods.
Patients with high blood pressure should check their blood pressure regularly.
Patients with kidney problems may need to drink less water, consult a doctor.
Patients with liver disease should not take medication without consulting a doctor.
If you have thyroid problems, you may experience fatigue and weight fluctuations.
If arthritis patients have joint pain, apply warm water to the affected area.
Asthma patients, wear warm clothes to avoid the cold.
COPD patients, do breathing exercises regularly.
Heart patients, do yoga and meditation to manage stress.
Cancer patients, maintain a positive attitude towards your illness.
If there is excessive bleeding after childbirth, go to the health post immediately, life can also be lost if treatment is not received in time.
Even if you use temporary family planning methods, don't forget to get regular check-ups, problems may arise later.
If the nipple is injured while breastfeeding a newborn, do not ignore it, it can get infected.
If your baby has jaundice, take him/her to the hospital immediately, delay can cause brain damage.
For safe delivery, arrange an ambulance before going to the health facility, there may be problems at the last minute.
If the placenta gets stuck after the baby is born, get help from a skilled health worker immediately, do not try to pull it out yourself.
If you have uterine prolapse after delivery, get it treated right away, it can be serious if you ignore it.
If your child has difficulty breathing, take them to the nearest health post immediately, it can be dangerous if they don't get treatment on time.
If you have diabetes during pregnancy, pay special attention to your diet, otherwise it can affect both mother and baby.
Breastfeed your baby only for 6 months, giving other food can cause infection.
Think carefully before adopting a permanent method of family planning, you may regret it later.
If your child has a persistent fever, see a doctor immediately, it can be even more difficult if delayed.
If you have anemia during pregnancy, take iron tablets regularly, otherwise the baby may be weak.
Pay special attention to hygiene to avoid infection during postpartum, negligence can increase the problem.
If you have abnormal bleeding during pregnancy, go to the hospital immediately, it could be a sign of danger.
If you have any problems using family planning methods, consult a health worker immediately, do not medicate yourself.
Take high blood pressure medicine regularly during pregnancy, stopping it can be dangerous.
Don't forget to vaccinate your child regularly, if you don't vaccinate, there is a possibility of getting sick.
Pregnant women should eat nutritious food, if there is malnutrition, it affects the baby.
You should rest during postpartum, doing too much work can cause health problems.
If your child has diarrhea, give Jeevan Jal immediately, it can be serious if there is a lack of water.
When using condoms for family planning, check if it is expired before using, otherwise it may be unsafe.
If you experience symptoms such as headache and blurred vision during pregnancy, inform a health worker immediately, it could be a sign of danger.
You should rest after delivery, doing too much heavy work can cause problems with the uterus.
Wipe your breasts with a clean cloth when breastfeeding your baby, if it is dirty, it can cause infection.
Do not smoke or drink alcohol during pregnancy, it can seriously affect the baby's health.
If you have a persistent cough, see a doctor right away, it could be a sign of TB.
Drink enough water during postpartum, if you get dehydrated, your milk might be low.
Even if you're using temporary family planning methods, get regular checkups, there might be problems.
Don't walk too much in the hot sun during pregnancy, you might get skin problems.
If you have high blood pressure, take your medicine regularly and eat less salty food, otherwise it could be dangerous.
Only breastfeed your baby for 6 months, giving other food can cause stomach problems.
For a safe delivery, prepare all the necessary things before going to the health facility, it can be difficult at the last minute.
If you have constipation during pregnancy, eat fiber-rich foods, if it doesn't get better without medicine, see a doctor.
It takes some time for the uterus to clean after delivery, so pay attention to hygiene, you might get an infection.
If you have any doubts while using family planning methods, consult a health worker immediately, wrong information can cause problems.
If you have swelling in your legs during pregnancy, see a doctor immediately, it could be a sign of high blood pressure.
Don't forget to get your child vaccinated regularly, if you don't, their immunity might be weak.
Stay away from stress during pregnancy, stress affects the health of both mother and baby.
If there is excessive bleeding during postpartum, take her to the hospital immediately, it could be fatal if delayed.
If you see any side effects while using family planning methods, inform the health worker immediately, don't treat yourself.
Only breastfeed your baby for 6 months, don't even give water, water can cause infection.
If you have high blood pressure during pregnancy, get treatment immediately, ignoring it can be dangerous for both mother and baby.
If you have uterine prolapse after delivery, get treatment immediately, ignoring it may require surgery.
This child has anemia due to iron deficiency, feed them iron-rich foods.
It seems necessary to run nutrition rehabilitation programs targeting malnourished children.
We should advise pregnant women to regularly take iron tablets to prevent iron deficiency.
Due to vitamin deficiency, many patients are showing various health problems.
If children have low protein, it affects their physical development.
Iodine deficiency can cause goiter, so we should use iodized salt.
Due to lack of balanced diet, many people are found to have low immunity.
To strengthen bones and joints, we should eat foods containing vitamin D and calcium.
Malnutrition increases in poor families due to limited access to nutritious food.
Due to obesity, the risk of diabetes and high blood pressure has increased in young people.
Calcium and vitamin D are necessary to strengthen teeth.
Due to lack of nutrition, many women are experiencing uterine prolapse.
If they don't get enough protein, it affects the brain development of children.
Due to iron deficiency, women are feeling tired and weak.
Iodine deficiency negatively affects the mental development of children.
Due to not paying attention to a balanced diet, many people are experiencing constipation.
Vitamin deficiency can weaken eyesight and cause night blindness.
Malnourished children should be treated under special monitoring.
Public awareness should be raised at the community level to make the supplementary feeding program effective.
Regular exercise and a balanced diet are necessary to reduce obesity.
Joint pain problems can be caused by vitamin D deficiency.
Protein deficiency causes muscle weakness and weight loss.
Iron deficiency affects both pregnant women and babies.
Iodine deficiency can cause thyroid problems.
Health education programs should be conducted to inform about the importance of a balanced diet.
Vitamin deficiency can cause dry and itchy skin.
Malnutrition hinders the growth and development of children.
Local products should be prioritized in supplementary feeding programs.
Obesity increases the risk of heart attack.
Vitamin deficiency can weaken memory.
Protein deficiency reduces immunity.
Iron deficiency causes dizziness and headaches.
Iodine deficiency can cause slurred speech.
A balanced diet should include adequate amounts of fruits and green vegetables.
Vitamin deficiency causes weak and brittle nails.
Early marriage increases the problem of malnutrition.
Pregnant women should be given iron and folic acid tablets.
Counseling on nutrition should be provided while distributing supplementary feeding.
Malnutrition is the cause of many diseases seen in children.
Children need adequate amounts of vitamins and minerals.
Iodine deficiency increases the risk of miscarriage.
Low-birth-weight newborns are more likely to have iron deficiency.
Lack of protein can cause water retention problems in the body.
Iron deficiency reduces the ability to work.
Iodine deficiency affects a child's nervous system, which can lead to speech problems.
Getting glasses is much cheaper than the cost of cataract surgery.
It is safer to consult a doctor than to use home remedies for eye infections.
Nearsightedness is becoming more common in young people than farsightedness.
Cataract surgery can be cheaper in government hospitals than in private hospitals.
Telemedicine for eye checkups is easier than finding a hospital in the village.
Resting at home after eye surgery is more comfortable than staying at a telemedicine center.
Special lenses can be more effective for people with low vision than using regular glasses.
Glaucoma is a much more serious problem than a common eye infection.
Getting eye treatment from a telemedicine center is faster than going to the hospital.
Eating a balanced diet is better for eye health than taking vitamin supplements.
Surgery is a better option than using glasses to fix vision problems caused by cataracts.
The fee for an eye exam at a telemedicine center is less than at a private clinic.
Following the doctor's instructions after eye surgery is more important than being careless.
Ignoring common eye problems in villages can be more fatal than seeking immediate treatment in the city.
Coming to a telemedicine center to check your eyesight is easier than going all the way to the hospital.
Getting regular eye checkups is better than only seeking treatment after an eye problem appears.
Resting after cataract surgery is more important than returning to work.
Letting kids play outside is better for their eyes than letting them use mobile too much.
Getting your eyes checked through telemedicine is less of a hassle than going to the hospital in person.
Treating your eyes on time is much better than going blind.
Taking glaucoma medicine regularly is much safer than ignoring it.
When you have an eye infection, it's better to get doctor's advice than doing home remedies.
It's better to get eye surgery on time than being scared of getting it.
Getting your eyes checked at a telemedicine center, you get your turn faster than standing in a long line.
Eating green vegetables is more beneficial for your eyes than taking vitamin supplements.
It's better for your eyes to wear glasses regularly than being lazy to wear them.
After cataract surgery, it's safer to walk with an umbrella than walking in the sun.
Getting information about eye problems from telemedicine service is better than spreading misinformation.
When your eyes hurt, it's better to get doctor's advice than taking painkillers.
After eye surgery, it's more important to rest than lifting heavy things.
Getting your eyes tested at a telemedicine center is cheaper than paying a lot at a private clinic.
To protect your eyes, wearing sunglasses in the sun is to protect from harmful rays, better than rubbing your eyes.
Delaying glaucoma treatment is like inviting blindness, worse than treating it on time.
Using medicine yourself when you have an eye infection can be more dangerous than getting doctor's advice.
After eye surgery, not following what the doctor says is worse than following it.
Getting your eyes checked at a telemedicine center is much easier than going from the village to the city.
Taking vitamin supplements might be less effective than eating a balanced diet.
Not doing cataract surgery can be worse than doing it.
Asking about your eyes at a telemedicine center is more accurate than asking others.
Ignoring eye problems can be more harmful than treating them on time.
Not taking glaucoma medicine regularly can be more dangerous than taking it.
Using home remedies for eye infections can be riskier than consulting a doctor.
Being afraid of eye surgery can be more regrettable than getting it done on time.
Going to a telemedicine center for an eye checkup is better than being lazy to go.
Taking vitamin supplements might seem easier than adopting a healthy lifestyle.
Not resting after cataract surgery can be more fatal than resting.
Staying without getting information about eyes from telemedicine is more harmful than believing in wrong information.
Being shy to wear glasses for eye power is better than not wearing them.
Delaying an eye exam is better than losing your sight, do it early.
Consulting a specialist doctor at a telemedicine center is more effective than consulting a general doctor.
Go to a health facility to give birth for a safe delivery.
Get regular checkups during pregnancy for the health of the mother and child.
Breastfeed the baby only mother's milk for six months, give nothing else.
Take iron tablets regularly during postpartum.
Consult with a health worker to learn about family planning.
Give the mother nutritious food during pregnancy.
Vaccinate the baby immediately after birth, it is very important for their health.
If a new mother has any complications, take her to a health facility right away.
Get your child checked for regular growth and development.
Let the mother rest after giving birth and help with the housework.
If you have high blood pressure during pregnancy, see a doctor immediately.
Pay special attention to hygiene during postpartum, it helps prevent infection.
Breastfeed the baby regularly, it benefits both mother and child.
If the baby has a fever or any other problem, contact a health worker immediately.
Wait some time for the next child by using family planning methods.
Do not take any medicine during pregnancy without a doctor's advice.
Drink plenty of water during postpartum, it keeps the body hydrated.
Vaccinate the baby regularly, it protects against various diseases.
Take folic acid tablets regularly during pregnancy.
If a new mother has excessive bleeding, take her to the hospital immediately.
Mother's milk is the best food for the baby, so breastfeed for at least two years.
Meet the health volunteer to get information about temporary family planning methods.
Pregnant women should pay special attention to their diet.
If you have blurred vision during pregnancy, get it checked immediately.
A new mother should give her body the rest it needs.
Don't forget to get the baby vaccinated regularly as scheduled.
Take iron pills regularly during pregnancy, it prevents anemia.
If a new mother has trouble breathing, take her to the hospital right away.
Start feeding the baby extra food after they turn 6 months old.
If you want to know how to use condoms for family planning, I can help.
If you have stomach pain or any other problems during pregnancy, go to a health facility immediately.
Pay attention to hygiene to avoid infection during postpartum.
Breastfeed the baby regularly, it increases immunity.
If the baby has diarrhea, give them Jeevan Jal immediately.
Get checked at least four times during pregnancy for safe motherhood.
If a pregnant woman has high blood pressure, get treatment immediately.
Feed green vegetables and fruits for the nutrition of the new mother.
Vaccinate the baby from time to time and protect them from diseases.
If you have back pain during pregnancy, rest and consult a doctor.
Don't do too much heavy work during postpartum.
Feed the baby Vitamin A regularly, it's good for the eyes.
If you have any questions about family planning, you can ask.
If you have diabetes during pregnancy, get treatment immediately.
Do yoga and meditation to reduce stress during postpartum.
Give the baby deworming medicine regularly.
If your feet swell during pregnancy, consult a doctor.
Get enough rest during postpartum and avoid fatigue.
Bathe the baby regularly and keep them clean.
If you want to use a permanent family planning method, I'll give you information.
If you feel dizzy during pregnancy, rest and see a doctor.
You have to take TB medicine regularly, otherwise you won't get better.
Patients with high blood pressure always need pressure medicine.
Diabetic patients shouldn't eat sweets, you know that, right?
To avoid cholera, it is important to drink clean water and pay attention to hygiene.
The earthquake may have affected many people's kidneys, they should get it checked.
Too much stress affects the brain, you should relax.
To prevent cholera from spreading, the source of drinking water must be kept safe.
To avoid kidney problems, you should drink plenty of water.
He is having leg problems because of diabetes.
High blood pressure patients are advised to take medicine regularly.
Patience is needed to cure tuberculosis.
To avoid cholera, food should be cooked and eaten well.
If we could develop a habit of brushing our teeth regularly, many dental problems would be reduced.
Many people are suffering because they don't get dental treatment on time.
Having an unsafe abortion without lab tests is risking your life.
Skin infections can occur during the rainy season if you don't pay attention to menstrual hygiene.
Even when using temporary family planning methods, get regular check-ups, as infertility problems may occur later.
If you suspect you have an STI, get tested right away, otherwise there is a risk of spreading it to others.
Taking painkillers randomly can have serious health effects.
If you have heavy bleeding during your period, consult a health worker immediately, it could be a sign of anemia.
When taking birth control pills, you should have regular check-ups, otherwise it can cause other health problems.
If you don't get regular screenings for cervical cancer, the disease can worsen.
Buying and taking medicine without lab tests can have negative effects on your health.
Unsafe abortions can lead to infertility in the future, be aware.
Using contaminated water during the rainy season can cause skin infections, pay special attention to hygiene.
If STIs are not treated in time, they can spread to other organs.
Consult a health worker before using family planning methods, using the wrong method can cause problems.
If you see symptoms of cervical cancer, don't ignore it, get treatment immediately.
If your period is irregular, see a doctor immediately, it could be a sign of a disease.
Unsafe abortions can also be life-threatening, only use safe abortion services.
Drinking water without purifying it can cause stomach problems during the rainy season, which can have negative effects on your health.
Incorrect information about contraception can lead to unwanted pregnancies, contact a health worker for correct information.
Not getting the cervical cancer vaccine increases the risk of cancer in the future.
Infection can occur if you don't pay attention to personal hygiene during your period.
Unsafe abortions can have long-term effects on a woman's reproductive health.
Using medicines randomly can lead to the problem of the medicine not working.
If you feel uncomfortable using temporary family planning methods, consult a health worker immediately.
If you don't know about cervical cancer, the disease can get worse, so it's important to raise awareness.
If you don't eat nutritious food during your period, your health can get weak.
If you ignore skin infections during the rainy season, it can become serious.
The risk of infection is high in places where unsafe abortions are performed.
If you have any problems using family planning methods, don't medicate yourself.
If you don't get regular check-ups for cervical cancer, it may be too late to detect the disease.
If you don't change sanitary pads regularly during your period, you can get an infection.
Having an unsafe abortion can cause excessive bleeding and death.
Do not take any medicine during pregnancy without consulting a doctor.
Ignoring the symptoms of STDs can lead to serious health problems.
Even after using temporary family planning methods, go for regular follow-ups.
Having misconceptions about cervical cancer can delay treatment.
Not exercising during menstruation can increase physical problems.
Ignoring skin allergies during the rainy season can make it worse.
Unsafe abortions can damage the reproductive organs.
Do not change contraceptive methods without consulting a doctor.
Hiding the symptoms of cervical cancer will allow the disease to progress.
If you don't pay attention to hygiene during your period, you are more likely to have odor and infection.
Unsafe abortions can make it difficult to get pregnant in the future, so be careful.
Take precautions when working in the lab, elderly patients with poor eyesight may get confused.
Chronic pain is a growing problem in elderly patients, so be especially careful when testing.
To prevent accidents in the lab, ask about the physical condition of elderly patients.
Help elderly patients with weak muscles walk in the lab, there's a risk of falling.
Speak clearly when giving instructions to elderly patients with hearing loss, and repeat if they don't understand.
Elderly patients may feel uncomfortable when the lab is crowded, give them priority.
During seasonal infections, special precautions should be taken to protect elderly patients from infection.
Take necessary precautions to protect the skin of elderly patients from chemicals used in the lab.
Elderly patients are at high risk of pneumonia, so be especially careful when doing X-rays.
Elderly patients have weak immune systems, so protect them from the risk of infection.
Provide seating for elderly patients while waiting in the lab, it may be difficult for them to stand for long.
Pay attention to the mental health of elderly patients, the lab environment can stress them out.
Prevent elderly patients from falling in the lab by preventing the floor from becoming slippery.
Take precautions to minimize pain when drawing blood from elderly patients, it can hurt them a lot.
Respect the privacy of elderly patients in the lab, keep their personal information safe.
Use clear signs and guidelines in the lab to prevent elderly patients from getting confused.
When testing elderly patients for diabetes, advise them not to take medication before coming on an empty stomach.
Provide assistance to elderly patients with vision problems in the lab.
Encourage elderly patients to drink plenty of water before and after tests to prevent dehydration.
Check blood pressure regularly in the lab to protect elderly patients from the risk of high blood pressure.
Elderly patients are at risk of malnutrition, so get nutritional information during testing.
In the lab, conduct tests keeping in mind the heart health of elderly patients.
Make sure there's proper air management in the lab, as elderly patients may have breathing problems.
Help elderly patients in the lab, as they may have tremors due to Parkinson's.
Be patient with elderly patients in the lab, as they may feel awkward due to Alzheimer's.
Elderly patients in the lab may be undergoing cancer treatment, so pay special attention.
Elderly patients in the lab may have kidney problems, so be careful with medication use.
Elderly patients in the lab may have liver problems, so check the test results carefully.
Elderly patients in the lab may have thyroid problems, so suggest checking hormone levels.
If elderly patients in the lab have bowel movement issues, inform immediately.
If elderly patients in the lab have urination problems, inform immediately.
Elderly patients in the lab may have allergies, so provide information about the materials being used.
Elderly patients in the lab may have foot wounds due to diabetes, so be careful.
Elderly patients in the lab may have weak nervous systems, so be careful when testing.
Elderly patients in the lab may have anemia, so pay special attention when checking blood.
Elderly patients in the lab may not know the time and place due to dementia, so help them.
When explaining test results to elderly patients in the lab, explain in simple language.
Encourage elderly patients in the lab to wear masks during seasonal outbreaks to protect them from infection.
If elderly patients in the lab have a high fever, inform the doctor immediately.
If elderly patients in the lab are taking medication, get that information, it may affect the test results.
In the post-flood period, asthma patients should always keep their inhalers with them, there may be allergy-causing elements in the air.
If high blood pressure patients have trouble getting medicine because of the flood, contact the hospital right away.
Floods can mix many germs into the water, so if you don't boil water before drinking, you can get diarrhea and kidney problems.
Even if it's hard to get to the hospital because of the flood, diabetic patients, don't forget to take your insulin on time.
After the flood, dirty water can collect, increasing the risk of malaria; if not treated on time, it can affect the liver.
Thyroid patients should take extra precautions because floods can cause allergies in flooded homes.
The change in the environment due to the flood can cause more pain for arthritis patients, so rest up.
Drinking muddy water after a flood can cause stomach infections and increase heart problems, so be careful.
Cancer patients who have been displaced by the flood may experience increased mental stress, so regular counseling is necessary.
Because floods can cause breathing problems, COPD patients should take their medication regularly.
Because floods can contaminate food, diabetic patients should pay special attention to their diet.
Walking a lot due to the flood can increase joint pain for arthritis patients.
Dirty water brought by the flood can cause skin infections and affect the liver, so pay attention to cleanliness.
Pregnant women should get regular checkups during floods to avoid the risk of high blood pressure.
If asthma patients can't go to the hospital due to the flood, they may need to use an inhaler at home.
Eating food that has been submerged in the flood can cause diarrhea and increase kidney problems.
Stress due to the flood can cause uncontrolled thyroid problems.
Toxic substances in the water due to the flood can increase the risk of cancer.
COPD patients should avoid smoke and dust during floods.
Heart patients may experience increased chest pain due to the flood.
Because water collects after a flood, germs can spread and cause infections for diabetic patients.
Because of the flood, there's a risk of injuries, and if injured, arthritis patients might have more problems.
Because of the flood, working in dirty water can cause liver infection, so be careful.
During floods, thyroid patients can catch a cold if they get wet.
Because of the flood, cancer patients might have problems going for chemotherapy.
COPD patients at risk of floods should keep checking their oxygen levels.
Because of the flood, heart patients might have difficulty breathing.
Because floods can cause insulin shortages, diabetic patients should be prepared in advance.
Because of the flood, arthritis patients might have difficulty walking and have problems coming to the hospital.
Flood's dirty water can cause liver infection, leading to jaundice.
Thyroid patients should take their medicine regularly during floods, otherwise the problem can worsen.
Because of the flood, cancer patients might lack nutritious food.
During floods, COPD patients are at risk of pneumonia.
Heart patients shouldn't take too much stress during floods, it can worsen the problem.
Asthma patients should always keep their inhaler ready during floods, you might need it.
High blood pressure patients should eat less salty food during floods.
Kidney patients should drink plenty of water during floods, to avoid dehydration.
Diabetic patients should take special care of their feet during floods, there might be infection.
Liver patients shouldn't drink alcohol during floods, it can further damage the liver.
Thyroid patients should avoid cold during floods, it can affect thyroid hormone levels.
Arthritis patients should take warm baths during floods, it helps reduce joint pain.
Cancer patients should avoid crowds during floods, there's a risk of infection.
COPD patients should avoid smoke during floods, it can worsen breathing problems.
Heart patients shouldn't do heavy work during floods, it can put more pressure on the heart.
Walking too much in floodwater can cause skin allergies and affect the kidneys.
If asthma patients have difficulty breathing because they can't reach the hospital due to the flood, inform health workers immediately.
If the flood damages the drinking water pipeline, the water can get infected and affect the liver.
If heart patients have chest pain during floods, they should go to the hospital immediately.
Taking too much stress due to the flood can increase high blood pressure, try to relax.
Those taking iron tablets, if they eat food submerged in floodwater, they can have stomach problems and kidney problems.
Earthquake victims are showing mental health issues, so they need counseling and psychosocial support, but that's not enough.
Necessary medicines are available here for patients who have had eye surgery.
Low vision training is conducted at the rehabilitation center for those with blindness.
Many people experienced eye infection problems during the Covid pandemic.
The rehabilitation center is a suitable place to rest after cataract surgery.
Regular checkups should be done to protect the eyes from glaucoma.
Here, you are taught how to take care of your eyes after returning from the hospital.
Refractive error is checked here after the eyes become weak.
This center was helpful for those who were afraid to go to the hospital during Covid.
If physiotherapy is needed after eye surgery, there is a facility here.
Here, information is given about cleanliness to avoid eye infections.
Here, people with low vision are taught to use different equipment.
Many patients have regained good vision after cataract treatment.
Glaucoma patients are advised to take medicine regularly.
If you have eye problems, it's good to get a refractive error check.
After surgery, special care should be taken to protect the eye from infection.
People who have problems in daily life due to low vision are helped here.
Necessary consultation is given here before cataract surgery.
If glaucoma is not treated on time, you can lose your vision.
People with refractive error problems are informed about the use of glasses.
Staying at the rehabilitation center after eye surgery is very convenient.
If you have an eye infection, you should consult a doctor immediately.
Here, people with low vision are trained to become self-reliant.
After cataract surgery, special eye care should be taken.
If glaucoma treatment is delayed, it is difficult to restore vision.
There are various options to solve the problem of refractive error.
After surgery, it is necessary to protect the eyes from the sun.
If you have an eye infection, it is best to go to the doctor instead of doing home remedies.
Here, people with low vision also have the opportunity to learn Braille.
You should come for regular follow-up after cataract surgery.
Glaucoma patients need to change their lifestyle.
It's important to get your refractive error checked and wear the right glasses.
Rest and proper care after eye surgery helps you recover faster.
You should pay attention to personal hygiene to avoid eye infections.
Various rehabilitation services are available here for those with low vision.
After cataract surgery, you should protect your eyes from dust and smoke.
You have to take glaucoma medicine regularly, otherwise the eye pressure will increase.
Refractive error makes it difficult to see far or near.
Even if eye surgery is successful, you should get regular check-ups.
When you have an eye infection, your eyes may be red, painful, and itchy.
There is also a counseling service at the rehabilitation center for people with low vision.
Cataract surgery is very safe and effective.
Glaucoma patients should reduce stress.
People with refractive error problems are also taught how to wear contact lenses.
You must follow the doctor's instructions after eye surgery.
If you have an eye infection, you should start medication immediately.
Special classes are conducted here for children with low vision.
After cataract surgery, eyesight can be restored to what it was before.
Lasers are also used in the treatment of glaucoma.
LASIK surgery can also be done to get rid of refractive error problems.
You should rest for a few days after eye surgery.
The patient's angry because they got a referral but the lab here doesn't have that facility.
Even when showing the health insurance card, they're charging fees! What kind of rule is this?
It's so difficult for poor patients to get free healthcare!
There are complaints that the reports from the health camp check-up were careless.
The patient's life was at risk because the ambulance didn't arrive on time.
What to do if no one answers when you call the emergency helpline number?
The telemedicine service wasn't effective; we couldn't even talk to the doctor properly.
It was really hard having to pay so much money from my own pocket to buy medicine.
There was a complaint that they didn't check the eyes properly because the machine was broken.
The lab here doesn't have the necessary equipment for the patient who came with muscle pain.
They wrote a referral for a CT scan for the patient who came with a headache, but there's no machine here.
The doctor was negligent; a patient with chest pain needed an X-ray.
Having to stand in line every time to get insulin, and sometimes the medicine even runs out.
They say you have to pay for antifungal medicine here, even though it's supposed to be free.
It feels like everyone looks down on me when I come to get antiretroviral medicine.
The infection kept getting worse because I didn't get the antibiotic medicine on time.
Renewing health insurance is too much of a hassle; it needs to be easier.
The free healthcare that the government provides isn't available here; they say we have to go to a private clinic!
When will the health camp come to the village? It's hard for old people to come all the way to the city.
Ambulance service isn't available in the village; we have to carry the patient to the hospital.
When you call the emergency helpline, you should get help right away, but it doesn't happen.
Because of internet problems with the telemedicine service, I couldn't talk to the doctor properly.
Are poor people supposed to die because they can't afford treatment? I can't pay from my own pocket.
They don't accept tests at the lab without a referral; you have to stand in line to see the doctor.
Even with a health insurance card, the hospital makes you do unnecessary tests.
Many people don't even know about free health services; they need to be promoted.
There were many complaints that the doctors who came to the health camp didn't examine people properly.
The ambulance driver asked for too much money and caused trouble for the patient.
When I called the emergency helpline, they gave me wrong information and confused me.
There is a complaint that doctors in the telemedicine service don't listen to the patient properly.
When I did the test at the lab, they gave the report late, so I couldn't show it to the doctor.
Health insurance facilities should be available in all hospitals, but they are not in some.
Free health service is only on paper; it's hard to get in practice.
Because there wasn't enough medicine at the health camp, many patients returned empty-handed.
The patient died on the way because the ambulance didn't arrive on time.
There is a complaint that no one cares when you call the emergency helpline.
It seems like the telemedicine service has assigned inexperienced people as doctors.
They wrote a referral, but there are no technicians here at the lab to do that test.
Health insurance doesn't cover all diseases; it only covers a few limited ones.
You need a lot of paperwork for free health services; how can poor people manage that?
There's a complaint that the doctor didn't treat people well during the health camp check-up.
The ambulance driver left the patient halfway instead of taking them to the hospital.
I had to wait a long time when I called the emergency helpline.
There's a complaint that the doctor prescribed the wrong medicine in the telemedicine service.
It takes too long to get health insurance money, it needs to be faster.
Not many people know about the free health service, so it hasn't been effective.
There's a complaint that privacy wasn't maintained during the health camp check-up.
The patient had difficulty because there was no oxygen in the ambulance.
The operator didn't answer properly when I called the emergency helpline.
The test written on the referral isn't available in the lab here, so I have to go somewhere else.
How can we provide mental health counseling services in the community after this flood?
Is there anyone here whose depression problem has increased due to the flood?
What kind of programs can be run for suicide prevention among flood victims?
How can the risk of substance abuse be reduced in those affected by the floods?
Is there psychosocial counseling available to reduce the stress seen in those who lost their homes due to the floods?
Is psychiatric service available here for people with mental health problems?
What to do if people displaced by the floods show symptoms of schizophrenia?
How can a community mental health program be run in the flood-affected area?
Have anxiety problems been seen in flood victims?
Has anyone here had problems like chest pain or increased heartbeat due to the flood?
What do you suggest to reduce anxiety for those whose homes and farms were washed away in the flood?
Where to contact if flood victims show symptoms of depression?
Do you have free stress management classes for flood victims here?
Does this hospital have a separate ward for schizophrenia patients?
What kind of program would be appropriate to solve the problem of increased drug addiction after the floods?
What can we do at the community level for suicide prevention?
Where can we find volunteers to provide mental health counseling services to flood victims?
How effective is psychotherapy for mental health?
What is the role of community mental health workers in flood-affected areas?
What medicine would be appropriate to give to those who are homeless due to floods and have joint pain?
Have you been having trouble sleeping or feeling excessively scared because of the floods?
Is there a helpline number for suicide prevention in the flood-affected area?
What can be done to reduce the risk of heart attack in flood victims?
Should psychiatric services be provided to help those who lost relatives in the floods to overcome depression?
Can counseling be given to those who have joint pain problems after being buried in the flood?
Have you taken your grandfather for regular health checkups?
How can we arrange mosquito nets for patients in the ICU here, for mosquito control?
Do you get your blood pressure checked regularly?
He needs to get adult vaccinations at his age, do you understand?
Please pay attention to hand hygiene in the hospital, you can avoid infection.
How clean is the tap water here? How is the safe water managed?
How much did the pain medicine work? Is Dad feeling better?
I wish we could take Dad to the health camp when it's organized outside.
Don't forget to give diabetes medicine, insulin, on time.
Dad's skin itching problem has increased, is there any cream that can be applied?
The neighbors were complaining that there are too many mosquitoes, we need to control them.
Regular check-ups can help detect heart problems.
When was the last time Dad had his eyes checked?
Have you heard about the adult vaccination program?
Make sure Dad only drinks safe water.
To control mosquitoes, don't let water collect around the house.
Regular health check-ups help detect diseases.
How important is it to check for high blood pressure, do you know?
Is it necessary for Dad to get a cancer screening at his age?
Hand hygiene protects against many diseases.
You can learn a lot by going to a health camp for a check-up.
What measures have you taken to avoid mosquito bites?
Do you know how important it is to drink safe water for health?
Regular health check-ups prevent disease.
How was the blood pressure test report?
What kind of preparation is needed for a cancer test?
Do you have information on how to do hand hygiene?
We need to take some measures for mosquito control.
What are the effects of not drinking safe water?
If the pain medication doesn't relieve Dad, what other options are there?
Would you suggest he get the adult vaccine?
It would be good to take Dad to a health camp.
It's good to get regular eye checkups.
High blood pressure medicine should be taken regularly.
What should we do for Dad's skin allergy?
To control mosquitoes, mosquito nets should be installed on windows and doors at home.
Why is it important to get regular health checkups?
You shouldn't be afraid to get a cancer test.
Drinking safe water is very good for health.
If a mosquito comes into the ICU here, who should I tell?
Is there an arrangement for adult vaccination here?
How to avoid the risk of high blood pressure?
Dad seems to have a problem with his ear, he should get it checked once.
Some measures should be taken to avoid mosquito bites.
Getting a cancer test helps detect the disease early.
If the pain medicine doesn't work, you should inform the doctor.
Need to take Dad for a regular checkup, but can't even find the time.
Has the municipality brought any plans to control mosquitoes?
Seems like you have to test more in the lab to detect leptospirosis compared to dengue.
Do you not have to be as careful with leptospirosis as you have to be when taking TB medicine?
The chances of liver damage are higher with leptospirosis infection than with typhoid.
It's just as important to get a diarrhea patient to the hospital quickly as it is for a leptospirosis patient.
Does the medicine used for leptospirosis cure faster than the medicine used for malaria?
Kidney problems are more likely to be seen in leptospirosis patients than in high blood pressure patients.
It's just as important for leptospirosis patients to pay attention to their diet as it is for diabetic patients.
The leptospirosis epidemic hasn't been seen much in villages like Covid-19.
It seems like leptospirosis treatment is easier than hepatitis treatment.
The lungs probably don't get as weak in leptospirosis as they do in pneumonia.
It's easier to get vaccinated against cholera compared to leptospirosis.
Are antibiotics more effective than iron tablets for leptospirosis patients?
When infected with leptospirosis, is the fever as high as in typhoid, or a little less?
Is the risk of leptospirosis higher for pregnant women than for diabetic patients?
There is no need to isolate leptospirosis patients like TB patients.
Healthcare workers don't have as much fear in treating leptospirosis as they did with Covid-19.
Are the vitamin supplements used in leptospirosis treatment different from those used in malaria?
Like how you get regular checkups for high blood pressure, should people at risk for leptospirosis also get checked?
Can leptospirosis also cause an epidemic like dengue?
Does paracetamol work for leptospirosis treatment, like it does for malaria?
The complications caused by leptospirosis are different from the complications in hepatitis.
The testing method for leptospirosis is a bit more complex than for cholera.
Leptospirosis infection doesn't spread as easily as tuberculosis.
Is kidney damage from leptospirosis different from damage caused by diabetes?
Does the leptospirosis vaccine give full protection like the pneumonia vaccine?
It's harder to recognize the symptoms of leptospirosis than dengue.
Like how you take high blood pressure medicine, do you have to take leptospirosis medicine regularly?
Leptospirosis testing isn't as easily available in villages as malaria testing.
There isn't a rapid testing kit for leptospirosis like there is for COVID-19.
Does it take a long time to get the report for leptospirosis like it does for typhoid?
Does leptospirosis treatment cost less than hepatitis treatment?
The risk of leptospirosis is higher for farmers working in the fields than for tuberculosis.
Like how you take diabetes medicine regularly, are there also some ways to avoid the risk of leptospirosis?
You don't need to wear a mask to avoid leptospirosis infection like you do for COVID-19.
Symptoms like leptospirosis can also be seen in dengue.
Is leptospirosis treatment more expensive or cheaper than cholera?
Is leptospirosis medicine easily available or difficult to find, like malaria medicine?
In leptospirosis treatment, like in pneumonia, do you also need to give oxygen?
Like typhoid, does leptospirosis also spread from dirty water?
Leptospirosis affects the liver less than hepatitis does.
Like dengue, does leptospirosis testing also need to be done from blood?
Does paracetamol reduce fever in leptospirosis, or like high blood pressure medicine, do you need to give other medicine?
Like diabetic patients, do leptospirosis patients also need special care in the hospital?
Like tuberculosis, does leptospirosis treatment also need to be done for a long time?
Like COVID-19, you don't need to do a PCR test to test for leptospirosis.
Is the use of antibiotics in leptospirosis treatment less or more than in tuberculosis?
Like cholera, to avoid leptospirosis, you also need to pay attention to hygiene.
The rate of leptospirosis infection is lower in Nepal than malaria.
Is the lung damage from leptospirosis infection less dangerous than the damage from pneumonia?
Like high blood pressure medicine, do you need to take leptospirosis medicine regularly, or only on doctor's advice?
Due to post-flood infections, extra precautions might be needed when doing an X-ray.
Before doing an MRI, you must properly check if there are any metal objects in the body.
There is a risk of radiation when doing a CT scan, so don't do it without a doctor's advice.
Further treatment should not be started until the blood test report comes.
If an X-ray is done without a pregnancy test, it can affect the baby.
If something seems wrong in the biopsy report, show it to the doctor immediately.
Before doing a spine MRI, jewelry and other metal objects must be removed.
You might need to be on an empty stomach for the ultrasound, so ask your doctor.
Don't drink too much water before the urine test, the report might be wrong.
If the ECG report shows a problem, see a heart specialist right away.
If you have an allergy after taking the medicine, tell the doctor immediately.
If the CT scan report is late, contact the hospital.
Before the X-ray, tell them about your medical history.
The MRI machine is very powerful, so don't take metal things near it.
If you need to come on an empty stomach for the blood test, don't forget.
If you feel uncomfortable during the CT scan, tell the technician right away.
If you doubt the ultrasound report, get it checked again.
Don't start medicine until the sputum test result comes.
Local anesthesia might be needed to reduce pain during a biopsy.
It's good to put cotton in your ears during an MRI because it's very noisy.
Don't forget to wear a protective apron to avoid radiation during the X-ray.
If the blood test report shows something wrong, you might need more tests.
If the pregnancy test is positive, talk to a doctor right away.
Tell them if you have any implants in your body when you do a CT scan.
If the urine test shows an infection, start treatment right away.
If there is any metal on your chest during the ECG, remove it.
Follow the doctor's instructions carefully during the MRI.
If your back hurts during a spine X-ray, tell the technician right away.
When you get a blood test, protect the injection site from infection.
If you see any problems after a CT scan, go to the hospital immediately.
If you feel very uncomfortable during an ultrasound, ask them to stop the test.
If the biopsy report shows signs of cancer, prepare for further treatment.
If you have doubts about the MRI report, consult another doctor.
Avoid unnecessary radiation exposure during an X-ray.
Liver biopsy can cause a risk of bleeding, so be careful.
Diabetic patients should adjust their insulin dosage when getting a blood test.
Asthma patients, keep your inhaler with you before getting an X-ray.
If you're taking antiparasitic medicine, inform the doctor when getting a blood test.
Wear a mask during a sputum test to prevent the spread of infection.
Take special precautions when getting a biopsy while taking HIV medication.
Getting an X-ray without a pregnancy test can affect the unborn child.
If the electrodes are not attached correctly during a heart ECG, the report may be incorrect.
If you feel dizzy during an MRI, inform the technician immediately.
Don't forget to remove jewelry before getting an X-ray.
If you have trouble breathing during a chest X-ray, tell the doctor.
If there is unnecessary delay in the blood test report, contact the lab.
If you need to drink water before an ultrasound, ask the doctor for advice.
Because of the flood, there's a higher risk of infection in the lab, so be careful when doing all the tests.
Taking too much pain medicine before an MRI can cause stomach problems.
If the CT scan report is unclear, you might need to get it checked again.
Diabetes patients should get their blood sugar checked regularly.
Not taking high blood pressure medicine regularly can cause serious problems.
If you see symptoms of thyroid problems, you should get your hormone levels checked right away.
Rheumatism causes pain and swelling in the body's joints.
Asthma patients should always keep an inhaler with them for emergencies.
The main cause of COPD is smoking, so avoiding it is the best way.
It's important to adopt a healthy lifestyle to avoid heart disease.
If cancer is identified early, the chances of successful treatment increase.
Diabetes can cause kidney problems, so you need to be careful.
To avoid liver disease, you should stay away from alcohol and fatty foods.
People with high blood pressure should reduce their salt intake.
Diabetes patients should pay special attention to their diet.
Physiotherapy also plays an important role in the treatment of rheumatism.
Asthma patients should avoid dust and smoke.
You should exercise regularly to prevent heart disease.
Chemotherapy and radiotherapy are used in the treatment of cancer.
Diabetes can also affect the eyes, nerves, and skin.
If liver disease isn't treated on time, you might need a liver transplant.
Thyroid gland messing up hormone production causes health problems.
High blood pressure increases the risk of stroke.
Diabetes patients might need to take insulin regularly.
People with kidney problems should eat a balanced amount of protein.
Some arthritis patients are unable to walk around.
COPD patients have difficulty breathing.
To lower the risk of heart disease, cholesterol levels should be kept in check.
To avoid cancer, a healthy lifestyle and regular checkups are important.
Diabetes increases the chance of tooth infections.
Liver disease can cause yellowing of the skin.
Thyroid problems can cause weight gain or loss.
To control high blood pressure, you need to take medicine and change your lifestyle.
Diabetes patients can use other options instead of sugar.
People with kidney problems should drink plenty of water.
Arthritis can also cause back pain.
Asthma patients should take extra precautions in cold weather.
COPD patients experience coughing and phlegm problems.
People with heart disease should stay away from stress.
Hair loss is a problem that occurs during cancer treatment.
HIV infected people have to take antiretroviral medicine regularly.
Because of diabetes, nerves become weak and cause tingling in hands and feet.
High blood pressure affects eyesight.
Patients with kidney failure need to have dialysis.
In thyroid treatment, medicine is given to maintain hormone balance.
Diabetes can affect the brain.
To avoid liver disease, you should exercise regularly.
Rheumatism affects various parts of the body.
COPD patients are more likely to get pneumonia.
To avoid heart disease, you must quit smoking and drinking alcohol.
If cancer is not treated on time, it can even cause death.
Many people in the village are suffering from cataracts, it would be good if they could get checked at a camp.
Many school kids are sick because of conjunctivitis, what to do?
Old people are having difficulty doing daily work due to poor eyesight, is there any solution?
There are many patients here who need eye surgery, but there is a problem due to lack of facilities.
No one in the village knows about glaucoma, it would be good to provide information about it.
Many students are unable to read and write due to refractive errors.
Many people are complaining of blurred vision, what should be done for a check-up?
He says it's difficult to even open his eyes, maybe because his eye muscles are weak.
Due to poverty, no one has been able to get eye treatment.
There are many eye infections in this place, shouldn't we pay attention to cleanliness?
Many are coming with complaints of eye pain and itching, is this some kind of infection?
In the village, there is no place to get immediate treatment for anyone with eye problems.
He hasn't been able to get treatment because he doesn't have the money for eye surgery.
Many old people can't see well, they need glasses.
People here are having problems because they don't have information about eye diseases.
His eyesight is getting weak, so he is having difficulty walking around.
Because of cataracts, he can't work and it's hard to run the household.
If we could run an eye camp in this area, many would get relief.
Many are forced to stay at home because they don't have money to buy medicine after having eye problems.
Because there is no eye doctor in the village, there is a compulsion to go very far.
It's been a long time since he had an eye problem, but he doesn't have time to get it checked.
Many people here ignore even common eye problems.
Many children's eyes are weak, which is affecting their studies.
Even though he needs eye surgery, he is afraid and refuses to go to the hospital.
Due to eye problems, many farmers are not able to work on time.
There is a problem here because there is no equipment to check eyes.
Not everyone can afford glaucoma medicine because it is expensive.
He can't see well at night because of his eye problem.
Due to refractive error, people who can see far are having trouble seeing up close.
Many students haven't been able to go to school because of eye infection.
Many people are at risk of becoming blind because they can't get cataract treatment on time.
Many old women are forced to stay inside their homes because of poor eyesight.
We have to refer patients elsewhere because there's no eye surgery facility here.
Many people don't get treatment on time because they don't know about glaucoma.
He's having a lot of trouble doing daily tasks because his eyesight is weak.
Many people are coming with dry eye problems, what could be the reason?
He says it's hard to even blink because his eye muscles are weak.
Many people haven't been able to take proper care of their eyes because of poverty.
Pink eye problem has increased in this place, how to control it?
Many people are coming with eye pain and redness, what is this a symptom of?
He hasn't been able to reach the hospital due to transportation problems, even though he has an eye problem.
He had to borrow money from a moneylender because he didn't have money for eye surgery.
Many old people can't see well, I wish we could help them with glasses.
It is necessary to raise awareness about eye diseases among the people here.
He's having trouble driving because his eyesight is weak.
It's hard to feed the family because he can't work due to cataracts.
We need to request the local government to conduct an eye camp in this area.
They are forced to use herbs because they don't have money to buy medicine after having eye problems.
There's a problem because there's no eye doctor in the village, so they have to go to the district headquarters.
It's been a long time since she's had eye problems, but she doesn't get time off from farm work.
The district hospital has started geriatric care services for elderly patients.
During the rainy season, most elderly patients come with complaints of joint pain and ask for pain relief medicine.
Many elderly patients who come to the hospital have vision problems, I suggest getting an eye exam.
An old man from the village said he had hearing problems, I have referred him for a hearing test.
Some senior citizens who come here show symptoms of dementia, further testing is needed.
The risk of falling and getting injured increases during the rainy season, so the elderly should be protected from falling.
The number of elderly people coming to the hospital with bone and joint problems is increasing, osteoporosis should be checked.
Regular exercise and a balanced diet can prevent many health problems in old age.
Taking too many painkillers to reduce long-term pain can be harmful to your health.
The elderly should be given special care as the risk of infection increases in the rain.
Many elderly patients here come with complaints of stomach ache, I advise them to drink boiled water.
Regular health check-ups can detect many diseases that can occur in old age in time.
Physiotherapy services are also available at the hospital under geriatric care.
Poor eyesight makes it difficult for the elderly to walk, so there should be adequate lighting in the house.
Elderly patients who come here for treatment should be clearly explained how to take their medicine.
Vaccination should be done in time to protect the elderly from pneumonia infection.
Many elderly people complain of poor memory, which could be a sign of dementia.
Calcium and vitamin D are needed to strengthen bones and joints, supplements should be taken according to doctor's advice.
Elderly people may experience increased asthma problems during the rainy season, inhalers should be used in time.
Some of the older people here have high blood pressure, they should take medicine regularly.
Old people also get weak because they're scared of falling, so we need to make them feel safe.
Some old people coming to the hospital said they have headaches, it could be from too much stress.
Taking too much medicine in old age can affect the stomach, so medicine should only be taken with doctor's advice.
We need to organize different programs to keep the old people here socially active.
Old people with diabetes should pay special attention to their diet.
Old people are more likely to get colds and coughs during the rainy season, so we need to be careful.
We should regularly run classes at the hospital to give old people information about health.
Many old people said they have trouble sleeping at night, we need to find out the reason.
As you get older, the body gets weaker, so old people need rest.
Many old people in the villages come with problems of cataracts, we should help them get treatment.
To protect the old people here from dementia, they should be involved in activities that keep them mentally active.
We need to take necessary safety measures at home to avoid injuries from falling.
A separate geriatric ward has been arranged for old people in the hospital.
Taking too much pain medicine can affect the kidneys, so we need to be careful.
Hearing loss that occurs in old age should be identified and treated in time.
Old patients who come to the hospital are given counseling about physical and mental health.
Depression is increasing among the old people here, they need psychosocial counseling.
Doing regular physical exercise can reduce the risk of osteoporosis.
Even a small injury can have a big impact on old people, so we need to be careful.
To make geriatric care services in the hospital more effective, public awareness programs should be conducted.
It is suggested that elderly people have their eyes checked from time to time, and if there is an eye problem, it should be treated immediately.
Many elderly people here complain that they cannot work due to joint pain, physiotherapy provides some relief.
Because the digestive system weakens in old age, easily digestible food should be eaten.
Wheelchairs are provided to elderly people coming to the hospital if needed.
Using too many painkillers increases the chance of stomach ulcers, so you should consult a doctor.
Regular hearing tests can help identify hearing loss early.
Family support and cooperation are needed to protect the elderly here from dementia.
Slippery things should be removed from the floor of the house to avoid injuries from falls.
We are trying to make geriatric care services accessible and convenient in the hospital.
Many diseases that occur in old age can be managed with early detection and treatment for a healthy life.
During the Corona epidemic, we needed to eat more protein-rich food, but when I got sick, I didn't even feel like eating, and I became weaker than before.
The nutritionist in the hospital suggested eating a balanced diet, but at home we only used to eat dal, rice and vegetables.
After my son had a lot of trouble due to iron deficiency, they emphasized supplementary feeding, but before, no one cared like that.
The doctor said there was a vitamin deficiency, but who used to pay attention to such things before!
It seems that the additional nutrition distribution program provided by the government should be made more effective because the problem of malnutrition has increased in the village, it wasn't like this before.
My old mother didn't have much interest in food before, but after the joint pain problem increased, the doctor suggested giving her extra nutrition.
Due to the increasing trend of junk food in the city, children have obesity problems, it used to be rare in the village.
The doctor advised me to eat foods containing iron because of iron deficiency, at home we only used to take medicine.
I only found out about vitamin deficiency diseases in children at the hospital, it was not known in the village.
The food the government gave for extra nutrition, kids didn't like it at first, but now they're used to it.
During Corona, we were supposed to boost immunity, but lack of nutrition made us weaker, it wasn't like this before.
When I was treated at the hospital, the doctor advised me to eat a balanced diet, at home we always ate the same thing.
After my daughter got a goiter due to iodine deficiency, the doctor advised her to take medicine, we didn't have this problem before.
In the village, malnutrition has increased due to poverty and not being able to eat extra nutritious food, there are many options in the city.
At the hospital, the doctor said that my body was weak due to protein deficiency, at home we only had dal bhat.
After learning the importance of extra nutrition, all the family members have started eating a balanced diet, before no one cared.
After being very sick because of Corona, the doctor said I had a vitamin deficiency, before we didn't really get checkups.
When my young child got anemia due to iron deficiency, the doctor gave medicine, this problem was rarely seen before.
While being treated at the hospital, the doctor gave information about diseases caused by iodine deficiency, no one in the village knows about this.
The food that the government gave for extra nutrition, we used to give it to the dogs, now we eat it ourselves.
During Corona, we learned a lot about balanced diets at the hospital, there was no one at home to give such information.
After the doctor advised to give extra nutrition, my son's health has improved, before he was always sick.
Many children in the village are weak due to malnutrition, this problem is rarely seen in the city.
Because my body was weak due to protein deficiency, the doctor advised me to eat more protein-rich foods, before I didn't care.
Vitamin deficiency causes many diseases, I found this out after going to the hospital, no one told me before.
After getting anemia due to iron deficiency, the doctor advised me to eat foods containing iron, before we only used to take medicine.
Because the problem of goiter due to iodine deficiency has increased, we need to eat iodized salt, before we didn't have information about this.
After starting to feed the food given by the government for extra nutrition to the children, their health has improved, before we didn't care about this.
During Corona, extra nutrition is needed to boost immunity, before we didn't know its importance.
After getting a lot of information about balanced diet in the hospital, we started making similar food at home, before we used to eat whatever we found.
The doctor said the body was weak due to lack of protein, before we didn't pay attention to such things.
After knowing the importance of extra nutrition, now all the family members have started eating a balanced diet, before no one cared.
After my son got anemia due to iron deficiency, the doctor gave medicine, before such problems were rarely seen.
We learned a lot about balanced diet in the hospital, there was no one at home to give such information.
After being advised to give extra nutrition, my son's health has improved, before he used to get sick all the time.
I took my son to the hospital because he had a fever, the doctor said he had a vitamin deficiency and should be given supplementary feeding, before I didn't know such things.
In the village, most people used to get goiter due to iodine deficiency, now it has decreased by using iodized salt.
As the problem of obesity has increased in the city, the doctor advised to eat a balanced diet and exercise, in the village there is not much problem because people walk a lot.
After my daughter-in-law got anemia, the doctor advised her to take iron tablets, before we thought that domestic food would cure it.
Father's anxiety has increased and heart problems may worsen, consult a psychiatrist in time.
Prolonged stress can lead to depression, pay attention in time.
To protect your son from drug addiction, psychosocial counseling is needed immediately, otherwise the situation may worsen.
For suicide prevention, as a family member, you must be patient, do not be discouraged.
Mother has shown symptoms of PTSD, do not neglect it, take her to the hospital immediately.
Regular use of painkillers can affect the kidneys, do not take them without a doctor's advice.
If the depression medicine doesn't work, inform the psychiatrist immediately.
If you don't take diabetes medicine on time, it can have serious health effects.
Not taking high blood pressure medicine regularly can increase the risk of heart attack.
Daughter-in-law has shown mental problems due to excessive stress, take her to the hospital immediately.
If your daughter is showing symptoms of depression, don't give her medicine without consulting a psychiatrist.
If your son is having suicidal thoughts, get help from a specialist immediately.
It's important to raise awareness about mental health issues in the community, otherwise many people may suffer.
Ignoring mental health problems can make the situation worse, get treatment right away.
Stopping depression medicine in the middle can have negative effects, don't stop without doctor's advice.
If the patient is threatening to commit suicide, inform the security immediately.
Because of depression, your son is having difficulty concentrating on his studies, get him treated early.
Don't leave a person who has attempted suicide alone, keep them under constant supervision.
If you can't manage stress, high blood pressure problems can increase, do yoga and meditation.
If the patient refuses to take medicine, don't force them, consult a doctor.
If you experience side effects like dizziness or nausea while taking depression medicine, tell your doctor immediately.
Constant negative thinking can increase anxiety, try to stay positive.
Don't look down on people with mental health problems, it can worsen their condition.
If someone is planning to commit suicide, don't leave them alone and contact emergency services immediately.
Taking pain relievers regularly can cause stomach ulcers, consult a doctor.
Depression medicine can increase sleep problems, inform the doctor.
Keep PTSD patients away from environments that remind them of old events, otherwise the problem may increase.
If the patient is in danger of harming himself or others, take him to the hospital immediately.
Drinking too much alcohol to reduce stress can have serious effects on the liver.
If someone likes to be alone and looks depressed, they may need counseling.
If you have suicidal thoughts, contact the toll-free number immediately.
If you have chest pain due to anxiety, get your heart checked.
If you experience problems like sexual dysfunction while taking depression medicine, inform your doctor.
Drug use can cause serious brain damage, take them to a rehab center immediately.
If a patient attempts suicide, take them to the nearest hospital immediately.
Keep PTSD patients away from negative news and visuals, it can worsen their condition.
Taking painkillers regularly can cause stomach bleeding, be aware.
If you experience constipation while taking depression medicine, inform your doctor.
Diabetes can worsen if you can't manage stress, change your lifestyle.
If you know someone's suicide plan, don't keep it a secret, inform the relevant authorities immediately.
If you have difficulty breathing due to anxiety, go to the hospital immediately.
Bring the fever patient to the hospital immediately, don't delay.
If you feel very tired, rest and drink plenty of water.
Keep the coughing patient away from others, the infection can spread.
If you feel nauseous, drink ginger juice, you'll feel better.
If you see rashes on your body, see a doctor immediately.
If you have difficulty breathing, give oxygen, for the time being.
Apply ice to the swollen area, it will reduce the pain.
Pay special attention to personal hygiene during seasonal disasters.
Eat liquid foods when you have a fever.
If you have a headache, take a bath with warm water, it will help you relax.
If you get rashes on your body, apply anti-itch cream.
If you have difficulty breathing, go to the nearest health post immediately.
Tie a clean cloth on a bleeding wound.
If you feel dizzy and nauseous, sit down and rest.
If your hands and feet are swollen, soak them in salt water.
Get enough sleep to reduce fatigue.
If the fever doesn't go down, take paracetamol.
If you have a severe headache, go to the nearest medical store and get medicine.
If you feel nauseous, drink lemon water.
If you have spots on your body, apply allergy medicine.
If you have difficulty breathing, check your oxygen level.
You should rest if you are tired.
Wipe your body with water when you have a fever.
Apply a cold compress when you have a headache.
If you have a cough, gargle with warm water and salt.
If you feel nauseous, chew basil leaves.
If you see spots on your body, apply aloe vera juice.
If you have difficulty breathing, take the medicine prescribed by the doctor regularly.
Clean the bleeding area with Dettol.
If you feel tired, eat nutritious food.
When you have a fever, wear comfortable clothes.
If you have a cough, take steam with hot water.
If you feel nauseous, eat light food.
If you see rashes on your body, clean well with soap and water.
If you have difficulty breathing, go to the hospital and get admitted.
If you have a fever, take a bath with warm water.
If you have a headache, drink tea or coffee.
My tooth decay is really bad, what should I do, Mom?
Many people's teeth have been damaged due to the floods, pay attention to oral hygiene.
Gum disease can cause teeth to loosen and fall out, get treatment on time.
After being fed up with the toothache, there was no option but to extract it.
If you don't pay attention to oral hygiene, many other problems can arise.
Take this painkiller, but don't forget to see a dentist.
Using toothpaste with fluoride makes teeth stronger.
Dental problems can also cause ear pain.
There is a higher chance of getting gum disease during pregnancy, take care.
Eating too many sweets increases the risk of tooth decay.
Brushing your teeth regularly and maintaining oral hygiene is very important.
It is better to get a good checkup before extracting a tooth.
I suggest using fluoride toothpaste for kids' teeth protection.
Don't ignore bleeding gums, it could be a sign of a serious disease.
My tooth hurts so bad I can't sleep at night, what to do now?
If your oral hygiene is not good, it can also affect your heart.
Eat less sugary stuff to prevent tooth decay.
If you're taking high blood pressure medicine, let us know before the tooth extraction.
Gum disease affects the bone as it progresses.
Take this paracetamol tablet for your toothache.
If you take care of your oral hygiene, you can avoid many dental problems.
It takes a few days for the wound to heal after a tooth extraction, be patient.
Lack of fluoride can cause teeth to weaken.
Gum disease can also cause eye problems.
Rinse with warm salt water to reduce toothache.
You can also use Ayurvedic medicine for oral hygiene.
If you are taking diabetes medicine, please inform us before tooth extraction.
Gum disease can also spread infection to other parts of the body.
Taking too many antidepressant medicines makes your mouth dry and can cause teeth problems.
Neglecting oral hygiene increases the risk of tooth decay.
You may need to take antibiotics to prevent infection during tooth extraction.
Drinking fluoridated water is considered good for teeth.
Gum disease can make your body weak.
Is there any home remedy for toothache?
Use a soft brush to keep your mouth clean.
After pulling a tooth, don't eat hard foods for a few days.
Using the right amount of fluoride makes teeth strong.
Visit the dentist regularly to avoid gum disease.
When I have a toothache, I don't feel like eating anything, it's so difficult.
I heard that not taking care of oral hygiene increases the risk of heart attack.
If you bleed a lot after a tooth extraction, go to the hospital immediately.
Using fluoride protects against many dental problems.
If you have gum disease, you should get treatment immediately.
You can apply clove oil for toothache.
You should brush twice a day for oral hygiene.
You should get an injection to reduce pain when extracting a tooth.
Fluoride toothpaste is safe for children.
If you have a toothache, contact your nearest health post.
If you don't pay attention to oral hygiene, you may also have bad breath.
A patient who is weak from a fever may experience dizziness.
Excessive bleeding can cause dizziness.
Sometimes continuous coughing can also cause dizziness.
A headache can also make a patient feel dizzy.
Dizziness can also happen as a side effect of medicine, especially for those taking antidepressants.
If you feel very tired, you're likely to get dizzy.
Dehydration can also cause dizziness.
Low blood pressure can also cause dizziness.
Sometimes dizziness is also caused by a serious infection.
To find out the cause of the dizziness, you might need more tests.
You can also get dizzy when you feel like vomiting.
If it's hard to breathe, you're likely to get dizzy.
Sometimes dizziness also happens if you have swelling in your body.
If you see a red rash on the skin and feel dizzy, you should get it checked immediately.
If a patient complains of dizziness, you should check their fever first.
It's normal for a patient with a long-term cough to feel dizzy.
Dizziness might be from weakness, you should give vitamin supplements.
Dizziness might be from extreme tiredness, you should advise them to rest.
It's normal for patients with high fever and weakness to feel dizzy.
If a patient is dizzy, check their blood pressure first.
Coughing and dizziness might be related, so a chest x-ray should be done.
For dizziness, the patient should be advised to drink enough water.
Don't send the patient home until the cause of the dizziness is found.
Need to do a blood test to find out the cause of fever and dizziness.
A dizzy patient should get oxygen right away.
A patient who is weak from too much bleeding might feel dizzy.
Dizziness in a patient with breathing problems is a danger sign.
If the dizziness doesn't get better even after giving medicine to stop vomiting, need to check more.
A patient with a headache and dizziness should see a neurologist.
If fever and dizziness happen together, need to test for malaria.
If a patient complains of chest pain with dizziness, need to do an ECG right away.
Before giving paracetamol to a dizzy patient, need to check the fever.
A patient who feels very tired needs more tests to find out why they are dizzy.
Dizziness might be because of high blood pressure, need to control the blood pressure.
Need to take a detailed history of the patient to find the main cause of dizziness.
If you have dizziness problems, get expert advice immediately.
Continuous coughing might have made the dizziness problem worse.
Medicine to reduce headache might also reduce dizziness.
Enough rest and proper diet are important for dizziness problems.
A patient who has had a fever for a long time and is weak might experience dizziness.
The fear of falling from dizziness can make the patient even more uncomfortable.
Dizziness problem might be seen because the body is weak from high fever.
If someone is dizzy and having trouble breathing, they should be put on a ventilator right away.
Dizziness might be because of tiredness and weakness, should suggest to take rest.
It's normal to feel dizzy if you have a bad cough and chest pain.
If you get a rash and feel dizzy, you should take allergy medicine.
A patient who fainted from dizziness should be admitted to the ICU immediately.
To avoid dizziness, you should drink plenty of water and exercise regularly.
Dizziness could be from a vitamin deficiency, get a blood test to find out.
If you have dizziness, consult a doctor before using antibiotics.
Diabetic patients are complaining that they are not taking medicine regularly.
Patients said they still have headaches even after taking high blood pressure medicine.
Patients undergoing TB treatment are complaining a lot about the side effects.
Many people have said they feel dizzy after taking malaria medicine.
Patients said they are still bothered by joint pain even after recovering from dengue.
Many people are complaining of fatigue and difficulty breathing even after recovering from COVID-19.
Patients are saying that typhoid medicine is not really working.
Patients said it was very difficult to deal with dehydration while treating cholera.
A patient said they are in a lot of pain because of liver problems caused by hepatitis.
There are complaints that leptospirosis medicine has increased nausea.
Many patients have complained of dizziness when taking blood pressure medicine.
A patient with a diabetic foot ulcer said the pain hasn't reduced.
Many people have complained of skin allergies after taking TB medicine.
Patients said they still feel weak even after malaria treatment.
Dengue patients complained that their fever hasn't gone down.
Many people complained about getting infected even after getting the COVID vaccine.
Patients said their stomach pain increased after taking typhoid medicine.
A patient said they were fed up with stomach pain due to cholera.
Hepatitis patients complained about not feeling like eating.
Patients undergoing leptospirosis treatment reported muscle pain.
Patients said their vision became blurry due to diabetes.
Many people complained of feeling heavy-headed due to high blood pressure.
Patients say that the tuberculosis medicine isn't working.
Patients said they felt very weak while getting malaria treatment.
A patient said it's hard to work because of joint pain due to dengue.
There's a complaint that it takes too long to get a COVID-19 test.
There's a complaint that the medicine used to treat typhoid isn't easily available.
There's a complaint that it's difficult for cholera patients to reach the hospital.
Patients said they're having problems because hepatitis treatment is expensive.
There's a complaint that there isn't enough information about leptospirosis.
Diabetic patients are forced to go far to get insulin.
High blood pressure patients complain that there is no regular health check-up arrangement.
Patients said they have problems when they don't get TB medicine on time.
The health post is too far for malaria testing, people are complaining.
The government isn't paying attention to controlling dengue, people are complaining.
It was hard to get a hospital bed during COVID-19, people are complaining.
Many people are complaining there's no system for getting the typhoid vaccine.
There are complaints that people aren't paying attention to cleanliness to avoid cholera.
There are complaints that it's necessary to spread awareness about hepatitis.
There are complaints that people don't know about the risk of leptospirosis.
Diabetic patients are complaining about the lack of regular checkups.
People are complaining that high blood pressure medicine is expensive and hard to buy.
TB patients are complaining about the lack of nutritious food.
People are complaining they aren't using mosquito nets to avoid the risk of malaria.
People are complaining about the lack of kits used to treat dengue.
People are complaining that COVID-19 test reports are coming late.
People are complaining there aren't specialist doctors to treat typhoid.
People are complaining that the drinking water isn't good to avoid cholera.
People are complaining that there aren't necessary tools for hepatitis treatment.
People are complaining that the lab to test for leptospirosis isn't nearby.
Get regular checkups even after giving birth, it reduces future risks.
If you have high blood pressure during pregnancy, go to the hospital immediately.
If you have any mental health problems during pregnancy, let us know.
If you have stomach pain or bleeding during pregnancy, go to the hospital immediately.
Pay special attention to the mother's diet after delivery.
Eat iron-rich foods during pregnancy to prevent iron deficiency.
A postpartum mother should drink plenty of fluids.
If you experience any problems during pregnancy, contact your nearest health post.
Pay special attention to hygiene during the postpartum period.
Take special care of the health of both mother and baby during the postpartum period.
Many patients with skin problems have come to the health camp here.
If a referral is needed, the patient must be sent to the regional hospital.
Please call 102 for ambulance service.
If you know the emergency helpline number, you can inform the patient immediately.
The government is providing free health services, everyone should use it.
The health insurance program helps reduce treatment costs.
Painkillers are available at the hospital pharmacy.
This medicine kills worms in the stomach, so don't take it on an empty stomach.
Diabetic patients are advised to take insulin regularly.
Telemedicine service is also available in this hospital, even patients from far away can benefit.
It seems a lot of money is spent on treatment when there is no health insurance.
There is a good arrangement for heart check-ups here.
The blood test report will come tomorrow.
Is there an orthopedic specialist doctor at the hospital?
You need to show your ID to get free health service.
Necessary medicine was distributed to the patients who came to the health camp.
It's a little difficult to get treatment without a referral letter.
The patient needs an ambulance immediately.
In case of emergency, inform the health worker immediately.
Free health service is the right of every citizen.
The health insurance renewal date is near.
This painkiller gives some relief for a while.
This medicine is useful for chest infection.
Telemedicine service has made it very easy for people in the villages.
The situation came where we had to take a loan to cover treatment costs.
Many people registered their names in the health camp.
Treatment is not possible here without a referral.
If you need to call an ambulance, contact the hospital reception.
Emergency service is available 24 hours.
Announcements should be made about free health service.
You can fill out the online form for health insurance.
Don't take this painkiller without a doctor's advice.
Antiretroviral medicine should be taken regularly.
For telemedicine service, there should be internet access.
Many people are having problems because they can't afford treatment costs.
Eye check-ups will also be done at the health camp.
The referral process should be simplified.
The ambulance driver should be informed about the patient's condition.
In an emergency, getting the patient to the hospital is the first priority.
The government has allocated a large budget for free health services.
Health insurance protects you from unexpected expenses.
This painkiller can also have side effects.
This medicine controls the blood sugar level.
Telemedicine service saves time and money.
As treatment costs are increasing, health insurance is almost mandatory.
Special arrangements have been made for senior citizens at the health camp.
Referral services should be made even more effective.
When calling for an ambulance service, clearly state the patient's address.
Healthcare workers working in emergency services should be trained.
Information about free health services needs to be taken to every village.
Doctor, my wife had a liver problem during her pregnancy, how is she now?
If the mother doesn't get enough nutrition after giving birth, will it affect the baby?
How much does it cost to have a safe delivery at the hospital?
Doctor, my daughter had high blood pressure during pregnancy, how much has the medicine helped now?
How much will pain relief medicines affect my wife?
I came to ask about family planning, who should I meet here?
After labor pains start, should I bring her to the hospital immediately or can something be done at home?
After the baby is born, can we use a permanent method of family planning or not?
What kind of food should be given to the mother during postpartum?
What kind of facilities are available here for safe delivery?
What kind of exercise is good for both mother and baby during pregnancy?
How does breastfeeding affect the mother's health?
Are there any side effects of using temporary family planning methods?
For how long after delivery should we not have sexual intercourse?
What preparations should be made for a safe delivery?
How often should a baby be breastfed?
Who is here to provide information about family planning?
What kind of care should be given to the mother after giving birth?
What kind of arrangements are there here for safe abortion?
What should a mother not eat while breastfeeding?
What are the methods used by women for family planning?
What kind of rest does a mother need after giving birth?
What kind of programs has the government brought for safe motherhood?
How many calories does a mother need while breastfeeding?
Who comes to the village to give information about family planning?
How to take care of a mother's mental health after giving birth?
How much does it cost for a safe delivery?
What are the methods of family planning for men?
Many people are having eye problems due to the flood, does anyone here have an eye infection?
I heard that one mother here needs to have eye surgery.
Has anyone come here with low vision problems?
Many people here may have eye problems due to the recent flood, it is better to get it checked once.
Is there any help for people with low vision in this area?
Did the doctor check the baby for congenital cataracts?
Does the mother have blurred vision after giving birth? It could be due to high blood pressure.
Have you seen any children here with conjunctivitis?
The risk of eye infection has increased due to the dirty water after the flood, be careful.
If anyone has difficulty seeing distant objects, advise them to get their eyes checked, they may have refractive error.
Do you think this pharmacy has medicine for eye infections?
How much does it cost for eye treatment at the hospital?
How many days do you have to stay in the hospital for cataract surgery?
When is the eye camp coming to this village?
Does anyone here know about glaucoma? Timely treatment can prevent blindness.
When does the eye doctor come to the hospital?
Is there an eye donation program in this place?
Has anyone had eye problems due to diabetes?
Is there any discount for eye treatment for those whose homes were destroyed by the floods?
The doctor said I need eye surgery, but I don't have money.
Does anyone here have increased eye pressure? Get treatment on time.
If anyone has red and itchy eyes, should I bring medicine?
Is there any patient here for eye treatment?
Are there patients with cataracts at a young age in this area?
Many people must have lost their glasses due to the floods, those with weak eyes must be having problems.
What kind of precautions should be taken after eye surgery?
Does anyone here have a corneal ulcer?
Where is the registration place for eye check-up in the hospital?
It is necessary to raise public awareness about eye problems in this place.
Does anyone here have night blindness?
Does anyone need an ambulance for eye surgery?
How many people have lost their eyesight in this area?
The doctor said, "You have cataracts, you need surgery.
Does anyone here have eye pain and headache?
How long do you have to wait for eye surgery at the hospital?
If someone has an eye injury, take them to the hospital immediately.
Does anyone here have eye allergies?
How many children in this area are suffering from eye problems?
Does anyone here have eye pain problems from working on the computer a lot?
Does anyone need information about eye surgery?
Is there any program about eye problems in this place?
Does anyone here have problems with their retina?
Is there medicine to improve eyesight available in this area?
Does anyone here have dry eye problems?
Is there government support for eye treatment in this place?
Has anyone's vision weakened due to cataracts?
Does anyone here have eye cancer?
Some measures should be taken for eye protection in this area.
Is anyone here afraid of having eye surgery?
It's difficult to get eye medicine because of the flood, tell me if anyone needs it.
My husband suspects he has an STD and brought me for a checkup too, but I feel ashamed.
I've heard a lot about contraception, but I don't know which one is good for me.
I wanted information about what kind of facilities are here for safe abortion.
I heard that I should get screened for cervical cancer, is it done here?
I have a lot of problems because my period is irregular, what should I do?
I'm really worried about not having kids, should I get a checkup?
I heard there's a special service here for infertile couples, is that true?
I'm having a lot of stomach pain, I want to see a doctor.
I'm so annoyed with this headache, is there any good medicine?
My husband doesn't want to have kids, but I really want them.
I don't want to use family planning methods, what other options are there?
They say abortion is a sin, but my situation is really difficult.
I get scared just hearing about cancer, should I get tested or not?
I bleed a lot during my period, I feel weak.
There are a lot of fights at home because we don't have kids, it's hard to bear.
I suspect I have an STD, but I'm ashamed to tell anyone.
I heard family planning methods have side effects, I'm scared.
I don't know where to get a safe abortion.
What should I do to prevent cervical cancer, I want to know.
How should I maintain hygiene during my period, can you teach me?
Society looks down on me for not having children, what should I do?
Is STD testing confidential or not?
Can I use temporary family planning methods or not?
What are the effects of unsafe abortion?
What are the symptoms of cervical cancer?
I think I'm getting depressed because of period problems.
There's stress at home because I don't have a child, I need counseling.
What precautions should I take to avoid STDs?
I've heard a lot of false rumors about family planning, what's the truth?
How to avoid problems after an abortion?
How successful is the treatment for cervical cancer?
What to do to get rid of stomach pain during periods?
I'm having increased mental stress because I don't have a child, I need help.
How much does it cost to treat STDs?
They say you get fat when using family planning methods, is it true?
What are the chances of having a baby again after an abortion?
What kind of test should I do to detect cervical cancer?
What should I eat to make my periods regular?
Should I get a divorce because I don't have a child?
They say STDs cause infertility, is it true?
Does using family planning methods affect health?
My body feels weak after the abortion, what to do?
Is there an age limit for getting the cervical cancer vaccine?
I have a lot of pain during my period, should I see a doctor?
I feel like committing suicide because I don't have a child.
Will you keep the information about STDs private, or will you tell?
Who should I ask to understand about family planning methods?
I know having an unsafe abortion is risking my life, but what to do?
I'm very scared about cervical cancer, I need counseling.
It's hard to even work because of period problems.
We don't pay as much attention to dental checkups as we do to eye checkups, that's why my teeth are so bad.
When I did a normal blood test, there weren't any major problems, but a detailed blood test might find more.
X-rays show the condition of the chest well, but CT scans can show other parts just as clearly.
Ultrasound has less radiation risk than video X-ray.
This hospital has an ECG machine, but because there's no MRI facility, we have to go far away.
A blood test is mandatory before surgery, but a urine test might not be as necessary.
MRI is much more expensive than CT scans, so not everyone can afford it.
The doctor said, "If this medicine doesn't work, you need to do a sputum test.
When you have a normal cough, it's better to do home remedies than a sputum test.
X-rays can find things that ultrasounds can't.
Usually blood tests are fast in the hospital, but the report can take time.
You can get even more information about the disease from a biopsy compared to an X-ray.
To find out if you're pregnant, a urine test is easier than a blood test.
It's better for your health to eat a balanced diet than to take vitamin supplements.
Even though iron tablets help increase blood, taking too much can cause stomach pain.
Antiparasitic medicine kills parasites, but it doesn't cure viral infections.
Taking paracetamol when you have a fever is good for reducing pain, but you shouldn't take it randomly.
In villages, people look for home remedies for common illnesses, but there's no alternative to going to the hospital for complex problems.
If an infection is seen in the urine test, further testing is needed, it might not be the same with a blood test.
Many doctors prefer MRI to CT scans because it has less radiation risk.
As much as a blood test helps to detect disease, a physical exam can give equally important information.
Ultrasound is considered safer than X-rays for pregnant women.
Biopsy reports take time to come, but blood test reports come quickly.
Sputum test helps to detect tuberculosis, but blood tests are needed for other infections.
There is a risk of radiation when doing an X-ray, but the risk is reduced if safety measures are taken.
Blood tests are free in the hospital, but other tests have a fee.
Vitamin supplements give the body energy, but they cannot be a substitute for a balanced diet.
The doctor prescribed antiparasitic medicine, but I doubt if it's the right one.
You might get constipation when taking iron tablets, but it reduces if you drink plenty of water.
Oral rehydration solution gives temporary relief, but you shouldn't take other medicines without a doctor's advice.
Only after doing a blood test and finding out, I knew what was wrong with me.
As much as an X-ray shows the condition of the bone, an MRI shows the condition of soft tissues equally well.
Even though a CT scan is expensive, many people choose it because the report comes quickly.
The ultrasound report comes immediately, but the X-ray report takes time.
Because there is no MRI machine in the hospital here, we are forced to go very far, instead we should make do with a CT scan.
Biopsy hurts, but it's needed to find out what's wrong.
Sputum test helps to rule out TB, but it's not useful for other infections.
Urine test for pregnancy is easier and faster than blood test.
I felt dizzy after taking iron tablets, so I stopped taking them.
Even if antiparasitic medicine kills stomach worms, it doesn't cure other infections.
Vitamin supplements give instant energy, but natural food is much better.
Even though the blood test showed a minor problem, the doctor advised more tests.
After nothing showed up on the X-ray, the doctor suggested a CT scan.
The ultrasound showed the baby is doing fine, but the doctor wants more tests.
I'm worried because the biopsy report will take many days to come.
The sputum test showed germs, so the doctor gave medicine, but I haven't gotten better.
The urine test for pregnancy came back negative, but I still have doubts.
After getting stomach pain from the iron tablets, the doctor gave me another medicine.
The stomach pain decreased after taking antiparasitic medicine, but the weakness is still there.
Since the telemedicine service started here after the earthquake, it has been easier for many, even patients needing referrals.
When I got checked at the health camp, I found out my dad's blood pressure was high, and he needed to start medicine right away.
I wish I knew the emergency helpline number to call an ambulance.
I heard there's a health insurance program in the village, I want to know about it.
My son has a broken bone, I wish we could get a referral from here to go to a big hospital.
The doctor advised me to take vitamin supplements through telemedicine.
Please arrange an ambulance to take me to the hospital, I broke my leg in an accident.
Having a health insurance card really reduces the worry about treatment costs.
After getting a referral letter, do I need to make an appointment to see the specialist doctor?
After the earthquake destroyed houses, many people got checked at the health camp.
According to the doctor's advice at the telemedicine center, I should take iron tablets regularly.
Without health insurance, you have to pay a lot of money from your own pocket for treatment.
Is the ambulance service free in emergencies, can I get some information?
Can you see a specialist doctor without a referral or not?
After getting telemedicine service here, the doctor prescribed medicine, but I don't have money to buy it.
My mother has joint pain, can we get some advice from telemedicine?
When my daughter-in-law got checked at the health camp, they found low hemoglobin in her blood.
It became much easier to get treatment at the hospital after using the health insurance facility.
Because there is no ambulance service in the village, we have to carry the sick to the hospital.
Because of the telemedicine service, we can now consult with specialist doctors even while living in the village.
I asked the health worker for help because I didn't have money to buy the medicine the doctor prescribed.
Many poor families have received relief because of the health insurance program.
What documents are needed to make a referral letter?
The free health service that started after the earthquake has greatly helped many poor people like us.
I got information about blood pressure medicine (antihypertensive) from the telemedicine service.
I wish I could get my ear problem checked at the health camp.
What's the emergency helpline number for ambulance, please tell me.
How do I renew my health insurance?
I'm confused about which hospital to go to after getting a referral, so I came here to ask.
After the earthquake destroyed my house, I came to the telemedicine center for a checkup.
According to the doctor's advice from telemedicine, I need to adjust the insulin dosage.
I've heard that if you have health insurance, it's easier to get treatment even if you have a serious illness.
What do I need to do to get a free ambulance service in an emergency?
I don't know what the referral process is.
Telemedicine service is very useful for the village.
Many people have learned about their health by coming to the health camp.
According to the doctor's advice from telemedicine, I bought and brought iron tablets.
It was difficult to get treatment because I couldn't pay for health insurance.
Who should I contact if I need an ambulance service?
Does the referral letter need the doctor's signature?
Because of the telemedicine service, the hassle of going to a distant hospital has been reduced.
I heard that free medicine is also available at the health camp.
I asked telemedicine about the right time to take blood pressure medicine (antihypertensive).
Will someone come to give information about health insurance?
Where should I submit the application for a referral?
The advice I received from the telemedicine service has given me a lot of relief.
During the health camp check-up, they found I have a joint problem.
Where should I contact if I need more info about health insurance?
Free treatment is available at the health camp for earthquake victims.
If you suspect you have an STD, get tested immediately.
If you need detailed info about family planning, contact the health post.
For safe abortion services, go to a place with trained health workers.
Get regular check-ups to prevent cervical cancer.
If your period is irregular, consult a gynecologist.
If you have fertility problems, see a specialist doctor once.
Many pharmacies are closed because of the earthquake, but ORS is available here, take it.
If the wound doesn't heal or the infection worsens, start antibiotic medicine immediately.
If your headache doesn't go away, don't take too much paracetamol without a doctor's advice.
If you feel weak, take iron tablets regularly.
Always practice safe sex to prevent STDs.
If you want to know how to prevent pregnancy using temporary methods, I can help.
Unsafe abortions can cause problems in the future, be aware.
Don't ignore it if you see symptoms of cervical cancer.
Pay special attention to hygiene during menstruation.
There are many options for treating infertility, don't be discouraged.
Distribute free ORS to those displaced by the earthquake if needed.
To avoid any infection, pay attention to hygiene and use antibiotics as needed.
Take paracetamol for pain relief, but don't take too much without doctor's advice.
Take iron tablets with food, don't take them on an empty stomach.
If you need more information about STDs, you can ask me.
Learn the correct way to use family planning methods.
I can give you information on where to find safe abortion services.
Get vaccinated to prevent cervical cancer.
Don't hesitate to talk openly about menstrual problems.
To find the cause of infertility, you might have to do different tests.
The earthquake stress might be causing health problems, rest and take ORS if needed.
Use antibiotics when treating the injured to prevent infection.
If the pain doesn't get better, ask the doctor about other medicines instead of paracetamol.
Take iron tablets regularly to prevent anemia.
If you see symptoms of STDs, get tested immediately, so it doesn't spread to others.
Get information about the side effects of using birth control pills.
Think once before having an unsafe abortion, it can be life-threatening.
Get regular screening for cervical cancer.
If you have stomach pain during menstruation, apply warm water and rest.
Infertility treatment can be expensive, but it's also available cheaply in many places, look for it.
Many people are sick because of the earthquake, so keep enough medicines like ORS.
For earthquake injuries, give paracetamol for pain, but ask before giving antibiotics.
Take iron tablets regularly to prevent iron deficiency, the doctor said.
If you suspect you have an STD, go to the nearest health center and get checked.
If you have any problems using temporary contraception, see a doctor immediately.
If you need to have an abortion, do it safely.
Get regular checkups and be aware to prevent cervical cancer.
Pay attention to personal hygiene during menstruation.
Infertility treatment is possible, stay positive.
Use antibiotic medicine to prevent infection when you have an injury.
Paracetamol is useful for reducing pain, but don't overuse it.
Take iron tablets regularly during pregnancy, the baby will be healthy.
Avoid unprotected sex, it protects against STDs and unwanted pregnancy.
Since coming to the rehab center, the doctor has given me iron tablets to keep my blood pressure under control.
It seems they also bring patients here who are seriously ill from electric shock.
After being discharged from the hospital, I was sent here to the rehab center for stroke treatment.
I broke my leg in an accident, now I'm doing physiotherapy here.
The doctor advised me to take vitamin supplements regularly, hopefully it will reduce the weakness!
Treatment was started immediately here to save the patient who had taken poison.
Someone who drowned in the river and lost consciousness was also brought here, they are now out of danger.
This rehabilitation center is very useful for patients who have been burned in a fire.
Here, patients brought in with heart attacks are kept under special observation.
If snakebite victims are brought here on time, their lives can be saved.
Here, there's also dialysis available for patients with kidney problems.
Since coming here, my health has improved a lot; the doctors and nurses take good care.
After treatment at the hospital, I was referred to this rehabilitation center for further treatment.
In this rehabilitation center, there is special therapy for patients with paralysis.
After coming here, I learned that high blood pressure is a major cause of stroke.
I had a rib fracture in an accident; I'm recovering here with physiotherapy.
I was very scared because a snake bit me, but after coming here, my confidence has increased.
After coming to the rehabilitation center, I understood that lifestyle changes are necessary to prevent heart attacks.
I heard that people injured by electric shock are brought here and treated well, and it's true.
I was brought here immediately after poisoning myself; otherwise, there was a risk of death.
After drowning in the river and losing consciousness, I was brought here; the doctors saved me.
This rehabilitation center has proven to be a blessing for those burned in the fire.
I was brought here after having a heart attack; the environment here is very peaceful.
Snakes come here a lot, so the people here are always scared.
When I had my blood tested, the doctor suggested I take vitamin supplements.
Iron tablets are available here regularly, which has been very helpful for those with anemia.
Patients who are seriously ill from electric shock are well taken care of here.
The doctor advised me to change my lifestyle to avoid having a stroke.
My leg was broken, it's improved a lot after doing physiotherapy here.
I was injured in my liver in an accident, it got much better after coming here.
They run special yoga camps for heart patients here.
I was brought here after a snake bite, I survived because I got treatment on time.
After coming to the rehab center, I understood that we need to reduce stress to avoid heart attacks.
I heard that people injured by electric shock are brought here and get good treatment.
I've come to the rehab center, the doctor said I need to do a pregnancy test.
Many people are sick because of the flood, when I got checked, I also need to do a pregnancy test.
Is there a blood testing facility here?
The doctor saw that I needed an X-ray and referred me to the hospital.
Is there kidney treatment in this rehab center too?
I've had a fever for many days, should I get a sputum test once?
My chest hurts, I probably need to do an ECG.
My stomach hurts a lot, so I need to do an ultrasound.
I came here because of mental problems, but the doctor said I need to do a normal blood test.
Is there dental treatment in this center too?
Do you find paracetamol in the medicine given to patients here?
After finding out I had AIDS, I came here, the doctor said I should take antiretroviral medicine.
I feel very weak after coming to this place, the doctor said I need to do a urine test.
I'm scared after the doctor said I need to do an MRI.
Is there a CT scan facility here?
We might need to do biopsies for patients buried in the flood, so please be on standby.
My sugar is high, should I take an insulin injection?
I'm having a really bad case of diarrhea and vomiting, you probably have ORS here, right?
I'm scared since the doctor told me to do a pregnancy test.
After coming here, the doctor said I have to do a pregnancy test first.
Many women are sick because of the flood, we might need to do pregnancy tests for everyone.
I have a really bad headache, should I get my brain checked?
Do you also have treatment for skin problems here?
When will the pregnancy test report be available?
How much does a pregnancy test cost here?
The doctor told me the news that the pregnancy test came back positive.
I'm having difficulty breathing, I probably need to get my sputum tested.
My leg is broken, I probably need to get an X-ray.
I came with a stomach problem, I need to get an ultrasound.
Do you have equipment to check the heart (ECG) here?
The doctor said I need to get a blood test for a kidney checkup.
Is there a CT scan facility available at this rehabilitation center?
I don't have health insurance, how do I pay for the blood test?
The doctor suggested I get a pregnancy test, but I'm scared.
Do you get free paracetamol for patients here?
The doctor said I have to take antiretroviral medicine regularly.
The doctor said he'll give medicine only after the urine test.
My health has improved since coming here, so maybe I don't need an X-ray now.
The doctor said I need to get an MRI to find out the cause of my headache.
What kind of facilities are there for dental treatment in this rehab center?
My diabetes is high, I need to adjust the insulin dosage.
I feel like drinking ORS after being weakened by diarrhea and vomiting.
How long does it take for the pregnancy test result to come?
The doctor said I need to have a skin biopsy.
I had kidney problems from before, I only found out after getting a blood test here.
This flood has worsened many people's health, everyone needs a health checkup.
What kind of preparation is needed for a pregnancy test here?
The doctor said I need to get a CT scan of my head.
How many days does it take for the sputum test report to come here?
I'm very happy to be able to get a pregnancy test at this rehab center.
Take the snakebite victim to the hospital immediately, they could die if they don't get treatment on time.
Before touching a person who has been electrocuted, don't forget to turn off the main switch, otherwise you could also be in danger.
If you suspect someone has ingested poison, take them to the hospital immediately, delay can risk their life.
If you see symptoms of a heart attack, call an ambulance immediately, every minute is important.
If you get burned, put it under cold water right away, don't use ice.
When giving medicine to kids, pay attention to the dose, too much can have negative effects.
During floods, stay away from electric poles, there's a risk of electric shock.
Before getting vaccinated, get checked for allergies, otherwise it can have serious effects.
Elderly people should be careful walking in slippery places, they could fall and break a bone.
Keep poisonous medicines out of reach of children at home.
Wear boots when working in the fields to avoid snakes.
Be careful of the depth when swimming in the river, there's a risk of drowning.
If you have high blood pressure, consult a doctor immediately, you could have a stroke.
Wash your hands thoroughly before eating, otherwise you could get an infection.
Diabetic patients should take insulin regularly, otherwise their health may deteriorate.
Take safety measures when using pesticides, it can cause skin allergies.
If something gets in your eye, wash it with clean water immediately, otherwise you could get an infection.
If there is a fire in the house, call the fire department immediately, if you delay, there could be major damage.
If a dog bites you, get a rabies shot immediately, it can even be fatal.
If a child has pneumonia, take them to the hospital immediately, they may have breathing problems.
Only drink boiled water, otherwise you may get diarrhea.
Don't stay in the hot sun for too long, you could get heatstroke.
Don't eat food that has been in the fridge for many days, it can cause food poisoning.
Follow traffic rules when walking on the road, there could be an accident.
When riding a motorcycle, wear a helmet, you might get a head injury.
When walking in the dark, turn on a flashlight, you might fall and get hurt.
Don't take medicine randomly, it can negatively affect your body.
When visiting patients in the hospital, wear a mask, there's a risk of infection.
When using pesticides while working in the field, wear a mask, you might have breathing problems.
Don't use a mobile phone while driving, there might be an accident.
If you suspect a gas leak, don't turn on the lights, there might be a fire.
Take a person attempting suicide to a psychiatrist immediately.
Wear rubber gloves when working with electricity, otherwise you might get electrocuted.
If you see a skin allergy, see a doctor immediately.
Don't forget to vaccinate your child against typhoid, it can protect from the disease.
If you have a high fever, get doctor's advice immediately, if delayed, there might be complications.
Wear a mask when working in smoke, it can affect your lungs.
Keep your back straight when lifting heavy objects, your back might hurt.
When working on the computer for a long time, rest your eyes, otherwise your eyes might hurt.
Don't study too much at night, your eyes might get weak.
Before taking any medicine, check its expiry date, otherwise it might not work.
When visiting a patient, take a non-flowering plant, they might have allergies.
Don't eat food left on the street, it might be poisonous.
Don't eat food given by strangers, it might be poisoned.
Keep kids away from poisonous plants, they might put it in their mouth.
When walking at night in places where snakes might come out, only walk with a flashlight.
If you have a cat at home, don't forget to vaccinate it against rabies.
Don't sit in the same position for too long, your muscles might hurt.
If the food smells like pesticide, don't eat it, it can affect your health.
Don't use electric current to catch fish in the river, you could get electrocuted and die.
During pregnancy, using flood-contaminated water can cause stomach infections, which can be dangerous for both mother and baby.
For safe delivery, it's good to find out about the road conditions damaged by the flood before going to the hospital.
If you are late to the health post due to the flood, it may be difficult to get maternity services, inform them in time.
Eating food contaminated by flood water during postpartum can be dangerous for both mother and baby, as they are at risk of infection.
Before using temporary family planning methods, consult a health worker once, there might be side effects.
Wash your hands thoroughly before breastfeeding a newborn, otherwise they may get an infection.
If you don't take iron tablets regularly during pregnancy, the baby is likely to be born weak.
If you miss regular antenatal check-ups due to floods and landslides, it can affect the baby's health.
If you have excessive bleeding after giving birth, go to the hospital immediately, it can be life-threatening.
Taking medicine haphazardly during pregnancy affects the baby's brain development.
If you have a cough during pregnancy, do not take any cough syrup without consulting a doctor.
If it is difficult to get nutritious food due to the flood, pregnant women and children may suffer from malnutrition.
Doing too much heavy work during postpartum can cause uterine prolapse.
If you are thinking of getting permanent sterilization for family planning, think carefully before making a decision.
Taking too much stress during pregnancy can negatively affect the baby's mental health.
If you can't go to the hospital because of the flood, it can be risky to have an unsafe delivery at home.
Only breastfeed the baby for 6 months, giving other food can cause infection.
If a pregnant woman smokes or drinks alcohol, the baby can have birth defects.
Having an unsafe abortion can be life-threatening for the mother.
Working without rest during postpartum can seriously affect your health.
If you have high blood pressure during pregnancy, consult a doctor immediately, otherwise it can be dangerous.
Even if it is difficult to go to the health post due to the flood, pregnant women should not forget to take iron tablets.
If the baby is not vaccinated regularly, there is a possibility of getting various diseases.
Taking random pain relievers during pregnancy can affect the baby.
Even after delivery, if you do not use family planning methods regularly, there is a possibility of getting pregnant again.
Drinking less water during pregnancy affects the baby in the stomach.
Get help from trained health workers for safe delivery, otherwise it can be risky.
Pregnant women are at increased risk of diabetes if they eat too much sugary food.
Being displaced by the flood and living in a polluted environment puts pregnant and postpartum women at risk of infection.
Using random painkillers during postpartum can affect the kidneys.
Being hungry for a long time during pregnancy affects the baby's brain development.
Having unprotected sex can lead to pregnancy, use family planning.
Doing too much physical exercise immediately after delivery can cause health problems.
Having an X-ray during pregnancy can affect the baby, avoid it if possible.
If you don't use family planning right after giving birth, you can get pregnant again.
Do yoga and meditation to reduce stress during pregnancy, otherwise it will affect the baby.
Eating too much spicy food while breastfeeding can upset the baby.
Not taking folic acid regularly during pregnancy can cause neural tube defects in the baby.
Using floodwater can cause diarrhea in pregnant women.
If you feel uncomfortable using temporary family planning methods, consult a health worker immediately.
Drinking too much tea and coffee during pregnancy can cause low birth weight in the baby.
Lifting heavy objects during postpartum can cause uterine problems.
Not getting enough rest during pregnancy can hinder the baby's development.
If regular prenatal checkups are delayed due to the flood, the baby's health may be at risk.
If you don't get an ambulance when going to the hospital for safe delivery, there might be a problem, so be prepared.
Don't even give water to the baby for 6 months, mother's milk alone is enough.
Do not take any vitamin supplements during pregnancy without a doctor's advice.
Eating too much oily and fried food after giving birth can cause stomach problems.
If you don't use family planning, you may have an unexpected pregnancy, be aware.
Staying awake too much at night during pregnancy has a negative effect on the baby's health.
It's hard to say if this fever is typhoid or influenza without a lab test, but influenza spreads faster than typhoid.
There are many types of diarrhea, but common diarrhea is less dangerous than cholera.
This pain, is it normal pain or a bone problem, it needs to be checked properly, but normal pain is easier to cure than bone pain.
Rabies vaccine might be expensive in the hospital, but it might be a little cheaper in the pharmacy here, seeking treatment for rabies is more important than seeking treatment for other diseases.
It's hard to tell if this is a skin allergy or ringworm, but allergies usually heal faster than ringworm.
This medicine reduces pain, but it's less effective than painkillers.
Before taking typhoid medicine, it's good to get a lab test, because typhoid medicine has more side effects than other medicines.
There's an outbreak of diarrhea in this village, but it's not as scary as cholera.
Hepatitis B can be much more dangerous than Hepatitis A.
The flu bothers you more than a common cold.
Antibiotics don't cure all types of infections, but sometimes they are more effective than other medicines.
This medicine reduces stomach pain, but it might be less effective than antacids.
We need to check properly if this pain is from the back or a spine problem, but back pain is easier to cure than spine pain.
Antiparasitic medicine kills intestinal worms, but it may be less effective than other medicines at killing all worms.
Having a fever might not only be a symptom of typhoid, but typhoid fever is different than other fevers.
This medicine cures quickly, but it takes a little longer to work compared to painkillers.
It's good to get the cholera vaccine, but it's less effective than other vaccines.
It's good to show a doctor whether this skin disease is an allergy or scabies, allergies are easier to treat than scabies.
Antibiotics don't cure all diseases, but for some diseases, they are much more effective than painkillers.
It's good to get the flu vaccine, but it's less durable than other vaccines.
If you see symptoms of typhoid, go to the hospital immediately, because this disease can be serious compared to a normal fever.
If you have diarrhea, drink Jeevan Jal, but Jeevan Jal alone may not be enough for diarrhea caused by cholera.
This medicine reduces pain, but it's less effective than other pain relievers.
If you suspect meningitis, go to the hospital immediately, because this disease can be fatal compared to a normal fever.
To avoid hepatitis, pay attention to hygiene, but the hepatitis vaccine is more effective than other vaccines.
Get the rabies vaccine on time, because rabies can be more dangerous than other diseases.
Antibiotics don't cure all infections, but they are more effective for bacterial infections than other medicines.
Scrub typhus fever is less common than regular typhoid.
Get it checked properly to see if the pain is from the back or a spine problem, but back pain is less dangerous than spine pain.
If you see symptoms of leptospirosis, go to the hospital immediately, because this disease can be more serious than a normal fever.
This medicine reduces the pain, but it is a bit more expensive than other painkillers.
Having a fever may not only be a symptom of typhoid, but typhoid fever is a bit different than other fevers.
To reduce the risk of hepatitis, you should pay attention to your diet, but its vaccine is considered safer than other vaccines.
This medicine cures quickly, but its effect is a bit slower compared to painkillers.
This skin disease, is it an allergy or scabies? It's better to see a doctor once, allergy is easier to cure than scabies.
It is good to get the cholera vaccine, but it is a little less effective than other vaccines.
It is good to get the influenza vaccine, but it is less durable than other vaccines.
It is important to pay attention to food during a cholera outbreak, but unlike typhoid, it does not have a vaccine.
In the post-flood situation, it is necessary to pay attention to a balanced diet to avoid malnutrition.
Many people who come here have iron deficiency, advise them to eat foods containing iron.
Vitamin deficiency can cause many problems, so get it checked on time.
When the amount of protein in the body is low, there is a high possibility of getting many diseases.
Those who come to the rehabilitation center should be advised to eat iodized salt to avoid iodine deficiency.
Nutritious food should be distributed to reduce malnutrition in children.
Eating too many sweets has increased obesity, it needs to be controlled.
If there is malnutrition at a young age, there is a possibility of weak bones.
Due to the flood, many people have food problems, so vitamin deficiency may be seen.
If you don't eat a balanced diet regularly, the body becomes weak and the immune system also decreases.
Due to protein deficiency, stomach problems may occur.
It seems that malnourished children need to be given extra nutrition.
Iron deficiency can cause ear problems, get treatment on time.
Vitamin deficiency can cause weak eyes.
To prevent iron deficiency in those who have come here, they should be encouraged to eat green leafy vegetables.
Due to the flood, many people have food problems, so iodine deficiency may be seen.
Your child has malnutrition, I will tell you what to do for extra nutrition.
To increase the amount of protein, it is good to eat beans and fish meat.
Obesity increases the risk of various diseases, so physical exercise is necessary.
Vitamin deficiency can cause dry skin problems.
To avoid malnutrition, you should pay attention to food.
Iron deficiency causes the body to become weak and also makes you feel lazy to work.
Iodine deficiency can cause goiter.
Those who have come here should be informed about balanced diet.
Malnourished children can be nourished with locally available food.
To reduce obesity, you should eat less oily and sweet foods.
You have a problem with your liver, so eat protein in moderation.
Malnutrition in children affects physical and mental development.
Vitamin deficiency weakens the immune system.
Iron deficiency can cause dizziness and headaches.
Iodine deficiency can cause thyroid problems.
To avoid malnutrition, you should get regular health checkups.
The food provided by the government should be distributed for additional nutrition.
Obesity increases the risk of diabetes and high blood pressure.
Vitamin deficiency causes various problems in the body.
Iron deficiency can lead to anemia.
Iodine deficiency affects the mental development of children.
We need to explain the importance of a balanced diet to those who have come here.
Nutritious snacks should be provided in schools for malnourished children.
Regular exercise and proper diet are necessary to reduce obesity.
Vitamin deficiency can weaken muscles.
Iron deficiency causes fatigue and lack of motivation to work.
Iodine deficiency can cause problems during pregnancy.
Many people seem to have micronutrient deficiencies due to the floods.
Malnourished children should be advised to contact the local health post.
The use of locally available food should be encouraged for additional nutrition.
Obesity can increase the problem of joint pain.
Vitamin deficiency can cause weak nails.
Iron deficiency can also cause hair loss.
Iodine deficiency can cause swelling of the throat.
If you have an eye infection, immediately get the recommended medicine from the pharmacy and use it.
If you suspect cataracts, it is good to get your eyes checked once.
To avoid glaucoma, get your eye pressure checked from time to time.
Before taking a low vision patient to the hospital, inquire at the pharmacy once.
If you need eye surgery, contact the hospital here.
If you have any eye problems, see an eye doctor immediately without neglecting it.
If eyesight is weak, you should get a refractive error test.
If the eye infection does not heal, go to the hospital for further treatment.
Get cataracts treated in time, otherwise it can cause blindness.
Take glaucoma medicine regularly, do not skip it.
If your eyes are weak, wear power glasses, it will relax your eyes.
After eye surgery, use medicine according to the doctor's advice.
If you have any eye problems, get advice from the pharmacy.
Pay attention to hygiene to prevent the spread of eye infection.
After cataract surgery, you should rest, don't look too much.
Glaucoma can damage the optic nerve, so get regular checkups.
Refractive errors can be treated with laser too.
To avoid eye infections, protect your eyes from dust and smoke.
Follow the doctor's instructions for successful cataract surgery.
If glaucoma medicine has side effects, tell the doctor right away.
Be ready to help people who have low vision problems.
Make sure to get all the checkups before eye surgery.
If you have an eye allergy, get anti-allergy medicine from the pharmacy.
Don't touch your eyes often when you have an eye infection.
You might need to wear glasses after cataract surgery.
If you suspect glaucoma, get your eyes checked right away.
There are different options for treating refractive errors, consult with a doctor.
To avoid eye infections, don't use other people's handkerchiefs.
Don't lift heavy things after cataract surgery.
Adopt a healthy lifestyle to prevent glaucoma.
Special types of glasses are available for those with low vision.
Take the medicine the doctor gave you regularly after eye surgery.
If you have any eye problems, go to the pharmacy and ask.
If the eye infection doesn't get better, go to the hospital for a checkup.
You should rest for some time after cataract surgery.
Glaucoma medicine keeps the eye pressure under control.
Refractive errors in the eye can cause distant objects to appear blurry.
Wash your eyes with clean water to avoid eye infections.
After cataract surgery, take care of your eyes as advised by the doctor.
If glaucoma is not treated on time, it can lead to vision loss.
Assist people with low vision to walk around.
Pay attention to what the doctor says after eye surgery.
If you have an eye injury, go to the pharmacy immediately.
If you have an eye infection, do not use medicine without consulting a doctor.
After cataract surgery, wear the glasses prescribed by the doctor.
Glaucoma medication can sometimes cause headaches.
Contact lenses can also be used to treat refractive errors.
Keep your eyes healthy to avoid eye infections.
After cataract surgery, see the doctor regularly.
Eye sight can be protected by taking glaucoma medicine regularly.
If patients at the health camp need an emergency helpline number, they can contact from here.
If you take a referral letter from here, it will be easier to get treatment in Kathmandu.
The check-up showed high blood pressure, antihypertensive medication should be started immediately.
Patients who come with stomach pain have the facility of treatment from health insurance.
Many patients come to this telemedicine center during health camps.
If you need to call an ambulance, you can call from here, it takes time to reach the village.
Even if you've come from far away and don't have health insurance, you can get free health services.
The blood test in the lab showed you need to take iron tablets, so take them regularly.
Many people who came to the health camp have stomach problems.
If you need a referral, you have to show the paper the doctor wrote.
If you have a health insurance card, most tests are free here.
Not having telemedicine service in this remote place caused a lot of problems.
Many people found out they had diseases when they came to the health camp and got checked.
We need to arrange an ambulance to get the patient to the hospital immediately.
In case of emergency, call this helpline number right away.
Because they don't have health insurance, many people are paying for treatment themselves.
Since the telemedicine service started, it has been much easier for the villagers.
One person who came to the camp needed an immediate referral.
You have to renew your health insurance on time, otherwise there will be problems.
Many people have benefited from this free health service camp.
If you need an ambulance service, you can inform the health post.
This number is available 24 hours a day for emergency services.
Patients without health insurance are finding it difficult to pay for treatment.
Because of telemedicine service, it's easy to consult with specialist doctors.
One person who came to the health camp showed symptoms of a stroke.
After the check-up, the doctor gave a referral for further treatment.
Health insurance reduces a lot of hospital expenses.
The government is providing free health service, let's all use it.
Ambulance service is always available here, you can call and ask for it.
In case of emergency, contact this helpline number, we will help.
If you need information about health insurance, I can help.
Because of telemedicine service, people in remote villages have also received health service.
One patient who came to the health camp was found to have a liver problem.
I can tell you what documents are needed to make a referral letter.
Buy medicine showing your health insurance card, you will get a discount.
Everyone register your name in this free health service camp.
I am arranging an ambulance to take the patient to the hospital.
In case of emergency, immediately call this helpline and inform them.
Health insurance reduces the burden of treatment costs, so it is good to have insurance.
It is easy to consult a doctor using telemedicine service.
The patient who came to the health camp has increased asthma, so we have to give an inhaler.
A referral letter is required to see a specialist doctor.
You can fill out the form here for health insurance.
You must show your citizenship to receive free health service.
Call the ambulance driver, I will tell you the address here.
This emergency helpline number is open 24 hours.
Treatment costs are so high, health insurance is almost mandatory.
Many patients are benefiting from telemedicine services.
One person who came to the health camp had chest pain, so we need to give them antifungal medicine.
If you need a referral to go to the hospital, I can help.
Dad, doing chemotherapy at this age can weaken the body a lot, so let's consider other options too.
Mom, you might need ICU care after the surgery, so be mentally prepared for that.
Grandpa, radiation therapy can cause problems like skin burns, so you should get regular checkups.
Sister, medicines used during dental treatment during pregnancy can affect the baby, so consult a dentist.
Brother, this medicine can upset your stomach, so take it only after eating.
Sister, there is a chance of hair loss when taking chemotherapy, so be mentally prepared for it.
Uncle, there is also Ayurvedic treatment for this disease, but there is not enough information about its effectiveness.
Auntie, this medicine can increase your blood pressure, so get it checked regularly.
Dad, taking this medicine can make you dizzy, so think before driving.
Mom, physiotherapy may be needed after this operation, which will relax the body.
Grandma, many allopathic medicines can affect you at this age, so take them in moderation.
Sister, home remedies may not be effective for this problem, it is better to go to the hospital immediately.
Brother, this medicine can affect your memory, so talk to your doctor about it.
Sister, if you have a dry mouth or feel nauseous, tell me immediately, it could be a side effect of chemo.
Uncle, this medicine can affect your sleep, so don't take it before going to bed.
Auntie, you may need to have dialysis regularly, which can weaken your body.
Dad, this medicine can affect your vision, so get your eyes checked.
Mom, this surgery can affect your lungs, so you should do breathing exercises regularly.
Grandma, this medicine can affect your digestive system, so eat light foods.
Sister, chemotherapy lowers immunity, so pay special attention to avoid infection.
Brother, this medicine can cause skin allergies, so don't use it without a doctor's advice.
Sister, the wound may take time to heal after surgery, so be patient.
Uncle, radiation therapy can change your taste, so pay attention to your diet.
Auntie, this medicine can affect your heart, so get regular check-ups.
Dad, if you have difficulty breathing, come to the hospital immediately, it could be because of this medicine.
Mom, this medicine can cause constipation, so drink plenty of water.
Grandma, if you have a fever, tell the doctor immediately, it could be a sign of infection.
Sister, this medicine can increase your blood sugar, so pay attention to your diet.
Brother, you may feel tired because of chemotherapy, take enough time to rest.
Sister, this medicine can weaken your bones, so eat calcium-rich foods.
Uncle, if you have chest pain, tell the doctor immediately, it could be because of this medicine.
Auntie, this medicine can increase your weight, so exercise.
Dad, there is a risk of infection during dialysis, so pay special attention to cleanliness.
Mom, this medicine can cause muscle pain, so physiotherapy will provide relief.
Grandma, this medicine can affect your nervous system, so eat a balanced diet.
Sister, take good care of the wound after surgery to prevent infection.
Bro, this medicine can affect your kidneys, so drink plenty of water.
Sis, radiation therapy can make your skin sensitive, so don't go in the sun.
Uncle, this medicine can cause joint pain, so you should rest.
Aunty, if you see any side effects, tell me right away.
Dad, surgery might be complicated because of your age, so understand all the risks before deciding.
Mom, chemo can cause low blood count, so you might need to take iron tablets.
Grandma, if you get diarrhea, take ORS, don't get dehydrated.
Sister, this medicine can cause a vaginal infection, so you might need to use antifungal cream.
Bro, this medicine can affect your liver, so don't drink alcohol.
Sis, if you don't take HIV medicine (antiretroviral) regularly, your immunity can decrease.
Uncle, using allopathic medicine along with Ayurvedic treatment can have negative effects.
Aunty, if you have trouble breathing, you might need oxygen right away.
Dad, your blood pressure can drop during dialysis, so be careful.
Mom, you might have to stay in the hospital for a long time after surgery.
Sister, do you know when you need to come to the health post to get the baby vaccinated regularly?
Mom, have you been paying attention to hand hygiene?
Since you just gave birth, have you been taking iron tablets?
Dad, have you had your blood pressure checked?
Sister, did you get your eyes checked at the health camp?
Do you drink safe water or do you boil tap water before drinking?
If you get a fever, do you take paracetamol and see a health worker?
It's good to get regular health checkups, okay didi?
Mom, if you need any information about family planning, ask me, okay?
Do you guys take deworming medicine from time to time?
Keeping your hands clean is very important to protect newborns from infection.
After getting pregnant, you should take iron tablets regularly, okay?
Regular health checkups help detect diseases early.
Clean around the house to control mosquitoes.
Do you know how to wash your hands, or should I teach you?
Iron tablets are very beneficial during postpartum.
It's good to go to a health camp and get a cervical cancer screening.
Do you guys use mosquito nets in your house?
Only drink boiled water, okay didi?
Mom, if the child has diarrhea, give them Jeevan Jal, okay?
Have you guys had your teeth checked?
There's also eye checkup in this health camp, okay?
Getting regular health checkups can prevent many diseases.
Pregnant women should take iron tablets, you know that, right?
Don't forget to vaccinate the newborn.
After giving birth, you should rest and eat nutritious food.
If you have joint pain, go see a doctor once.
Cancer screening is very important for women, okay?
Vaccinate your child on time and protect them from diseases.
At this age, there is a risk of high blood pressure, get it checked from time to time.
Have all the mothers who come here been vaccinated or not?
Iron deficiency during pregnancy affects both mother and child.
Breastfeed your baby only after washing your hands thoroughly.
Rest after giving birth and drink plenty of water.
There is also an eye check-up service in this health camp.
Have you guys had your heart checked?
Regular health check-ups prevent diseases.
Is there a provision for safe drinking water here or not?
Iron tablets during postpartum prevent anemia.
Come to the health camp and get your health checked, okay?
Use mosquito nets to avoid mosquitoes.
Hand hygiene protects against many diseases.
Regular eye check-ups keep eyesight safe.
If you have high blood pressure, you should take medicine regularly.
Do you know what kind of food a pregnant woman should eat?
If you have back pain, get it checked once.
Get regular checkups to know about your health.
Sister, it's very important to get health checkups from time to time.
Get regular checkups to avoid eye problems.
There's a free health camp here, everyone please come.
If the child gets a fever after vaccination, don't panic, give paracetamol as advised by the doctor.
If the child has diarrhea, give Jeevan Jal immediately, don't neglect it.
If newborn care is lacking, the risk of infection can increase, pay special attention to cleanliness.
Malnutrition hinders the physical and mental development of children, give nutritious food on time.
Monitor the child's growth regularly, consult a health worker immediately if you see any problems.
If you don't give deworming medicine on time, the child may become anemic, give it regularly.
If you miss vaccinating your child, the chance of getting sick increases, vaccinate according to the schedule.
If the child has a fever, don't wrap them in clothes, keep them in a ventilated place.
If a child with diarrhea is not given enough fluids, they may get dehydrated, give them plenty of fluids.
If the child is not breastfed regularly, the risk of malnutrition increases, breastfeed for at least 6 months.
Wash your hands even when someone touches the baby after returning from the hospital, protect them from infection.
If blood is seen in the child's stool, see a doctor immediately, don't be careless.
If the child is not given solid food on time, they may lack essential nutrients, start solid food after 6 months.
Don't keep the child in the sun for too long, their skin may burn.
Protect the child from the cold, they may get pneumonia.
Don't give the child medicine randomly, it can have negative effects.
If the child's vaccination card is lost, contact the health post immediately.
Don't give the child contaminated water, they might get diarrhea.
Don't let the child sleep in the hot sun, they might get skin problems.
Don't put too tight clothes on the child, it can affect blood circulation.
Don't touch the child with dirty hands, they might get an infection.
Don't feed the child too much when they go to sleep at night, they might get a stomach ache.
If you don't take the child to the doctor regularly, it can be difficult to identify health problems.
Don't give the child too many sugary foods, they might get cavities.
Keep the child away from smoke and dust, they might have breathing problems.
If you see any unusual spots on the child's skin, show it to a doctor immediately.
Don't keep the child hungry for a long time, they might get anemia.
Don't give the child antibiotics unnecessarily, it can reduce their immunity.
When giving toys to the child, there is a risk of swallowing small pieces, be careful.
Keep the child away from fire and hot objects, they might get burned.
Don't feed the child milk from a glass bottle, there is a risk of infection.
If the child's teeth don't come in on time, show them to a doctor.
Don't give the child too much salty food, it can affect the kidneys.
Don't give the child foods that cause allergies.
If the child is not massaged regularly, their bones may become weak.
Don't show the child too much TV, their eyes may weaken.
Don't let kids use mobile at night, it can affect their brain.
If you don't vaccinate your child on time, they can get diseases like polio.
If a child has diarrhea, give them Jeevan Jal along with zinc tablets.
To protect a child from malnutrition, get their weight checked regularly.
If a child has a fever, don't give Brufen instead of Citamol, it affects the kidneys.
If a child shows symptoms like stomach ache, vomiting after taking deworming medicine, contact a doctor immediately.
To protect a child from malnutrition, pay attention to growth monitoring, don't neglect it.
If a child has diarrhea and is not given enough water, they can get dehydrated and even die.
If a child is not vaccinated on time, they can get deadly diseases like measles and rubella.
If a child is malnourished, their body becomes weak and their memory is also affected.
If a child has diarrhea, don't just rely on home remedies, consult a health worker immediately.
If a child has a fever, don't give medicine haphazardly, don't give any medicine without a doctor's advice.
To protect a child from malnutrition, breastfeeding mothers should also eat nutritious food.
If a child has diarrhea, don't just give them liquid food, give them necessary nutrients too.
In this time after the earthquake, most of the patients coming to the community have bone fractures.
A patient who is seriously injured by electric shock should be taken to the hospital immediately.
A patient bitten by a snake should be given antivenom immediately.
Many of the patients who come here have problems with stomach pain.
I was saddened by the news that many people died by drowning in the village.
Today a patient had anaphylaxis, they survived because of timely treatment.
This earthquake has weakened many hearts, need to manage stress.
We are giving first aid to those injured in the accident.
Joint pain problem is more common in elderly people.
Many patients coming here are asking about iron tablets.
We tried our best to save the patient who had ingested poison.
Many people have had heart problems after the earthquake, get regular checkups.
It is good to give vitamin supplements to children regularly.
Go to the medical immediately to treat burn wounds.
Here, stroke patients are referred for further treatment.
A heart attack patient should be taken to the hospital immediately.
Epinephrine injection should be given in case of anaphylaxis.
Those taking antidepressant medicine should have regular health checkups.
If a patient who has been electrocuted has difficulty breathing, artificial respiration should be given.
Take precautions to avoid snake bites.
Many accident patients come here.
The search for those who went missing after drowning in the flood continues.
A patient burned by fire should be immediately cooled with cold water.
Many patients came with broken bones after being trapped in the earthquake.
Take those injured by electric shock to the hospital immediately.
Some home remedies can be done before taking a poisoned patient to the hospital.
Anaphylaxis is a serious allergy, it should be identified in time.
Because of the earthquake, many people are having mental problems, they need antidepressants.
Many patients coming here are asking about vitamin supplements.
Many are buried in the earthquake and their bones are broken, they should be taken to the hospital immediately.
Patients bitten by snakes should be given antivenom as soon as possible.
We are giving first aid to patients injured in the accident.
We tried our best to save the patients who were seriously injured by electric shock.
Patients who are unconscious from drowning should be given artificial respiration immediately.
Cold water should be applied immediately to burns.
Heart attack patients are brought here for immediate treatment.
Anaphylaxis patients have also been seen after the earthquake.
The earthquake may have affected many people's kidneys, get tested.
Those with joint pain problems need physiotherapy.
Those with stomach pain problems are advised not to eat oily and spicy food.
Many people need blood because of the accident.
Take the snake bite patient to the hospital as soon as possible.
Patients who are unconscious due to electric shock should be given immediate first aid.
If you have anaphylaxis, you should get an epinephrine injection immediately.
It is better to induce vomiting before taking a poisoned patient to the hospital.
Patients who have drowned should be rescued immediately.
Burn patients should be covered with a clean cloth.
Fractured bone patients should be stabilized before taking them to the hospital.
Heart attack patients should be given oxygen immediately.
Take stroke patients to the hospital quickly, timely treatment can avert danger.
It is very important to get information about sexual and reproductive health services in the post-earthquake situation.
It is our duty to teach adolescent girls about menstrual hygiene.
Have you thought about using temporary family planning methods?
Unsafe abortions can seriously affect a woman's health, get safe abortion services.
Get regular check-ups to prevent cervical cancer.
It is important to know about safe sex to prevent STDs.
If you see any symptoms of an STD, come to the hospital immediately.
It is good to take iron tablets at this age, it prevents anemia.
Getting regular health check-ups can prevent future illnesses.
Pay attention to hygiene during menstruation, avoid infection.
Do you use contraception? When are you planning to have children?
There are many patients who come with infertility problems, it is treatable.
In villages, people feel uncomfortable talking openly about STDs.
Safe abortion services are available in this hospital, get information.
If STDs are not treated in time, complications can increase.
Free family planning services are available here.
If your period is irregular, it's good to get it checked once.
It's necessary to get counseling once before getting an abortion.
The risk of uterine cancer is increasing in women, be aware.
Many young people are in trouble because they don't know about STDs.
Does using family planning methods have any effect on health?
Unsafe abortions can be life-threatening.
This hospital has testing to detect cervical cancer.
If you see symptoms of STDs, don't be shy, consult a health worker.
Use home remedies to reduce stomach pain during menstruation.
It's just a rumor that infertility treatment costs a lot of money.
Many women who come here have problems with uterine prolapse.
It is important to spread public awareness about STDs.
It's a problem when you don't know where to find safe abortion services.
Don't forget to get the cervical cancer vaccine, okay?
What precautions should be taken to avoid STDs?
Many problems can arise if you don't use family planning methods.
It is difficult to find places that perform unsafe abortions.
By the time symptoms of cervical cancer appear, it is often too late.
You shouldn't have misconceptions about STDs.
The number of women coming with menstrual problems is increasing.
To find the cause of infertility, you have to do many tests.
Getting safe abortion service in this place is women's right.
Regular checkups are important to prevent cervical cancer.
Talking openly about STDs solves many problems.
Health volunteers go house to house to give information about family planning.
Those who do unsafe abortions will face legal action.
Cervical cancer can be cured if treated on time.
Because of STDs, many young people's lives have been ruined.
During your period, take iron tablets to prevent iron deficiency.
There are many ways to solve the problem of infertility.
It is our duty to provide information about safe abortion services.
The mortality rate of women is increasing due to cervical cancer.
Be aware and stay safe to avoid STDs.
If you suspect hepatitis, get tested immediately, delay can be fatal.
Diabetic patients should take special precautions to avoid the risk of hepatitis.
People with high blood pressure should consult a doctor before taking medicines that affect the liver, there may be a risk of hepatitis.
Patients undergoing TB treatment should have their liver function checked regularly, as it can cause hepatitis.
When traveling in malaria-affected areas, get vaccinated to prevent hepatitis.
During a dengue outbreak, pay special attention to your diet to avoid putting extra pressure on the liver, the risk of hepatitis may increase.
Get your liver health checked after recovering from COVID-19, there may be a possibility of hepatitis.
Strong medicine used in typhoid treatment can affect the liver, so get regular checkups to avoid hepatitis.
To avoid cholera, pay attention to cleanliness, it helps reduce the risk of hepatitis.
Have safe sex and don't share needles to avoid Hepatitis B and C.
To avoid leptospirosis, don't play in dirty water and pay attention to cleanliness, otherwise there may be a risk of hepatitis.
Excessive alcohol consumption has a negative effect on the liver and increases the risk of hepatitis.
Excessive use of medicines affects the liver and can cause hepatitis, so do not take medicines without a doctor's advice.
Using unnecessary antibiotics without a doctor's advice can affect the liver and increase the risk of hepatitis.
Avoid consuming contaminated food and water, as it can cause Hepatitis A.
Pay attention to personal hygiene and wash your hands regularly, it protects against Hepatitis A.
Do not reuse used needles to avoid Hepatitis B and C infection.
Don't forget to vaccinate newborns against Hepatitis B, it provides lifelong protection.
If someone in the family has hepatitis, other members should also get tested.
Unsafe blood transfusions can cause Hepatitis C infection, so only transfuse blood after testing it.
If you see symptoms of hepatitis, consult a doctor immediately, do not ignore it.
To keep the liver healthy, reduce the consumption of processed foods and junk food, otherwise the risk of hepatitis increases.
Adopt regular exercise and a healthy lifestyle, it helps to keep the liver healthy and protect against hepatitis.
Eat plenty of green vegetables and fruits to avoid hepatitis.
Keep your weight under control, as obesity can cause fat to accumulate in the liver and cause hepatitis.
If you have Hepatitis B during pregnancy, take special precautions to prevent the baby from getting infected.
People with liver problems should not take any medication without a doctor's advice, it can cause hepatitis.
Get your liver function checked regularly, especially if you have diabetes or high blood pressure.
People with Hepatitis B should stay in regular follow-up to reduce the risk of liver cancer.
If you have hepatitis, take precautions to prevent infecting others.
Hepatitis C is treatable, so don't be discouraged and get treatment as advised by your doctor.
Consult a doctor before using Ayurvedic or herbal medicines, as they can affect the liver and cause hepatitis.
Always eat clean and fresh food to avoid hepatitis.
Get vaccinated against Hepatitis A, especially if you are traveling abroad.
If you have a high fever and yellow eyes, get checked for hepatitis immediately.
Take precautions when getting tattoos or body piercings to avoid Hepatitis B and C infection.
Drink enough water to keep your liver healthy, it helps flush out toxins and reduces the risk of hepatitis.
Do yoga and meditation regularly, it helps improve liver health and protect against hepatitis.
Don't smoke to avoid hepatitis, as it puts more stress on the liver.
If you have any liver problems, consult a specialist doctor immediately.
Check if the instruments used in the hospital are properly disinfected, otherwise there may be a risk of hepatitis.
Take special precautions when donating or receiving blood to avoid Hepatitis B and C infection.
Eat fiber-rich foods to keep your liver healthy, it improves the digestive system and reduces the risk of hepatitis.
Get regular health check-ups, it helps detect hepatitis and other diseases early.
If you have symptoms of hepatitis, don't try to treat it at home, consult a doctor immediately.
People with hepatitis should take necessary precautions to protect their family and friends from infection.
Always buy medicine from authorized places only to avoid hepatitis.
Hepatitis B vaccine gives you lifelong protection, so don't miss it.
If you have any liver problems, don't use mouthwash with alcohol, it can increase the risk of hepatitis.
Give your child vitamin supplements regularly, it boosts their immunity.
To avoid malnutrition, give your child a balanced diet that includes all the nutrients.
Feed your child plenty of calcium-rich foods to strengthen their teeth.
If your child has worms in their stomach, give them anti-parasitic medicine.
If your child's skin is dry, it could be a vitamin A deficiency, consult a doctor.
To prevent iron deficiency in your child, feed them plenty of green vegetables and legumes.
Give your child enough protein-rich food for good growth and development.
Use iodized salt to prevent iodine deficiency in your child.
Don't give your child junk food to protect them from unnecessary obesity.
Feed your child lentils and legumes regularly to protect them from protein deficiency diseases.
To protect your child from malnutrition, breastfeed them and start complementary feeding after 6 months.
Feed your child a variety of fruits and vegetables for the essential micronutrients they need.
Protein is very important for your child's muscle development, so pay attention to their intake.
If your child has a stomach ache or indigestion, consult a doctor immediately.
If your child shows signs of iron deficiency, they may need to take iron supplements.
Let your child play in the sun to prevent vitamin D deficiency.
Use iodized salt to protect your child from goiter caused by iodine deficiency.
One of the main causes of malnutrition in children is protein deficiency.
If the child doesn't have the weight and height according to their age, there's suspicion of malnutrition.
To keep the child's digestive system healthy, feed them fiber-rich food.
If the child has vitamin deficiency, give vitamin supplements as per doctor's advice.
If the child has iron deficiency and anemia, feed them iron-rich medicine.
Balanced diet is necessary for the physical and mental development of the child.
To protect the child from iodine deficiency problems, only use iodized salt.
To protect the child from malnutrition, get regular health check-ups.
To make the child's teeth strong, feed them calcium and vitamin D rich food.
To prevent protein deficiency in the child, make them regularly consume beans and lentils.
Keep the child away from junk food, it increases obesity.
To keep the child's skin healthy, feed them vitamin C rich foods.
If worms are seen in the child's stomach, give anti-parasitic medicine immediately.
To prevent iron deficiency in the child, feed them plenty of green vegetables and fruits.
To make the child's muscles strong, emphasize protein-rich foods.
To prevent vitamin D deficiency in the child, let them play in the morning sun.
To keep the child's stomach clean, give them fiber-rich food.
To protect the child from malnutrition, pay special attention from birth.
To protect the child from anemia caused by iron deficiency, give iron supplements.
To protect the child from goiter caused by iodine deficiency, use iodized salt.
To increase the child's weight and eliminate malnutrition, give additional nutritious food.
Protein-rich food is important for a child's muscle development, so pay attention to it.
Feed your child plenty of fruits and vegetables to prevent vitamin deficiency.
To protect your child from malnutrition, explain the importance of a balanced diet from an early age.
To keep your child's digestive system healthy, let them drink plenty of water.
Feed your child green vegetables and legumes to protect them from anemia caused by iron deficiency.
Get your child's health checked regularly to protect them from malnutrition.
Does my husband's excessive alcohol consumption affect his liver?
Is there a drug addiction counselor here?
Is there a connection between my son's muscle pain and his smoking addiction?
Does the father drink alcohol in a way that affects the child?
Can I get information about a rehabilitation center here?
What kind of treatment methods are there to get my father to quit alcohol?
Does alcohol also affect teeth?
Is information available here about the physical problems caused by alcohol consumption?
Can I get information here about medicines to quit alcohol?
How does my husband smoking affect the baby during postpartum?
Does alcohol consumption also affect memory?
Can I get the address of a drug rehabilitation center here?
Will alcohol affect my father's heart?
Should I also take any vitamin supplements to quit alcohol addiction?
Can you give information here about the effects of painkillers and alcohol?
Should I take iron tablets for physical problems caused by alcohol?
Where can I find psychosocial counseling to quit alcohol?
Can I get information here about the effects of alcohol and sugar medicine (insulin)?
Is there a helpline number here to get rid of alcohol addiction?
How does my husband's drinking habit affect the child's health?
Is there any support group here for those who want to quit alcohol?
Can I know how alcohol affects the liver?
Is a special diet plan needed to quit alcohol?
Can a person addicted to alcohol be brought back to a normal life?
Is there anyone here who can give information about the effects of alcohol and smoking?
What kind of psychological treatment is there to quit alcohol?
Can I get information here about the negative effects of alcohol and painkillers?
Can you tell me about dental problems caused by alcohol?
Is there any training arrangement here for those who want to quit alcohol?
Is there any book available here to get rid of alcohol addiction?
If my husband doesn't quit drinking, how will it affect the child's future?
Can you tell me any home remedies here to avoid the effects of alcohol?
What should be the role of the family in getting rid of alcohol addiction?
Can I get some information on how to help a person addicted to alcohol?
Can I learn about muscle pain caused by alcohol here?
Is there free alcohol counseling service here?
How to prepare someone addicted to alcohol for treatment?
How do I know how alcohol is affecting my husband's health?
Are there any camps organized here to get rid of alcohol addiction?
Is there any Ayurvedic treatment to quit alcohol addiction?
Who should I talk to about my husband's alcohol addiction?
How important is it to show love and sympathy to someone with alcohol addiction?
Can I get information about heart disease caused by alcohol here?
Does alcohol consumption cause vitamin deficiency in the body?
How long does it take to get rid of alcohol addiction?
Can I get any confidential information about alcohol addiction here?
What can I do to motivate my husband to quit alcohol?
What can be drunk as an alternative to alcohol?
What role should the family play in getting rid of alcohol addiction?
What kind of help can be found here to get my husband to quit alcohol addiction?
It is important to drink safe water to avoid the risk of diarrhea during the rainy season.
Regular health check-ups help detect diseases early.
Our health post has arrangements for cervical cancer screening for women.
Vaccinating children on time is the best way to protect them from disease.
Pregnant women are advised to take iron pills regularly.
Regular hand washing prevents many types of infections.
Get your eyes checked at the health camp, avoid the risk of cataracts.
Regular blood pressure checks are necessary to control high blood pressure.
Use mosquito nets to avoid mosquito bites and keep your surroundings clean.
Cancer screening services are also available in villages, take advantage of it.
Today, there is a regular check-up arrangement for both mother and child at the health post.
Elderly people should be encouraged to have regular health check-ups.
Boiling water kills germs in the water and makes it safe.
Special attention should be paid to hand hygiene during the rainy season.
Health camps should be conducted from time to time to provide health services to the villagers.
Regular screening is important for cancer prevention.
If you have a fever, take paracetamol and come to the health post if you have further problems.
Regular eye exams help identify vision problems.
Reduce salt intake to reduce the risk of high blood pressure.
Children should be fed iron-rich foods to avoid malnutrition.
Free family planning services are available at our health post.
Pay special attention to cleanliness to avoid diseases spreading during the rainy season.
If you suspect cancer, consult a health worker immediately.
Vaccinate children regularly, protect them from future dangers.
Drinking safe water helps to prevent many diseases.
Control high blood pressure by getting your blood pressure checked regularly.
It is important to get your eyes checked from time to time for eye protection.
To avoid mosquito bites, don't let water collect around the house.
Personal hygiene plays an important role in protecting against diseases.
Regular health check-ups help to identify diseases and treat them in time.
Vaccination can protect children from various diseases.
Pregnant women can avoid anemia by taking iron tablets.
Hand hygiene reduces the risk of infection.
Various diseases are tested and treated free of charge in health camps.
Cancer screening can detect the disease early and save lives.
Regular eye exams help protect eyesight.
Take regular medicine to control high blood pressure.
Be careful to avoid waterborne diseases during the rainy season.
Cancer screening camp will be conducted soon, everyone please come.
Children who have completed 6 months should be fed iron-rich supplementary food.
If you have a fever, contact the nearest health post.
Keep the environment around the house clean to control mosquitoes.
All health volunteers should regularly visit homes and provide health education.
We should get our blood pressure checked regularly.
Regular dental checkups keep your teeth healthy.
Get regular cancer screenings and live a healthy life.
Hand hygiene can protect you from many diseases.
There is a free eye check-up available at the health camp.
Drink safe water, stay healthy.
Pregnant women should take iron tablets regularly.
In this time after the earthquake, providing safe abortion services is more important than treating patients with broken bones.
Providing information about contraception in the village is more effective than buying expensive medicine in the city.
Getting a woman in labor to the hospital is more important than giving first aid to accident victims.
Talking openly about STIs is more important than relieving a toothache.
Providing information about menstrual hygiene is more important than distributing medicine for joint pain.
During this disaster, using temporary family planning methods is a better option than permanent sterilization.
In an emergency, prenatal checkups should be prioritized over cervical cancer screenings.
Teaching adolescent girls about menstrual health is more important than informing elderly people about high blood pressure.
In the current situation, treating STIs is more important than counseling infertile couples.
Rescuing people buried in this rubble is the first priority, before initiating safe abortion services.
Providing temporary contraception to women whose homes were destroyed by the earthquake is more important than building new houses for the immediate future.
In such difficult circumstances, providing sex education may be more effective than distributing pain relievers.
In earthquake-affected areas, increasing the availability of family planning methods is more necessary for many than treating heart disease.
Providing information about safe abortion services to women at risk in flood-affected areas is more important than distributing other relief supplies.
Rescuing people trapped inside collapsed houses is more important right now than training on sexual and reproductive health.
Because the hospital is crowded after the earthquake, prioritize treating patients needing immediate care over cervical cancer screenings.
In the current situation, providing women with menstrual pads is more important than giving information about life insurance.
In the earthquake-affected area, providing safe motherhood services is more important than treating infertility.
In an emergency, providing information on contraception is more important than providing bone-setting training.
Rescuing the injured from collapsed structures is more important than teaching about preventing STDs.
During this disaster, helping women who have experienced sexual violence is more important than providing mental health counseling.
Providing information about safe abortion services in villages is more effective than running expensive health camps in the city.
Distributing temporary family planning methods for free at health posts is better than selling them expensively in pharmacies.
When the hospital is overflowing due to the earthquake, providing emergency services is more important than regular cervical cancer screenings.
In an emergency, raising awareness about preventing STIs is more important than treating broken bones.
After the earthquake, providing women with information about reproductive health services is more important than building new houses right now.
In this situation, raising awareness about menstrual hygiene is more necessary than finding pain medication.
During a disaster, promoting the use of family planning methods benefits more people than treating heart disease.
In an emergency, providing information about the dangers of unsafe abortions is more important than distributing other relief supplies.
Rescuing those buried in the rubble is a higher priority than providing sexual and reproductive health training.
Providing safe abortion services to those whose homes were destroyed by the earthquake is more important than building new houses right now.
In such a difficult situation, explaining the importance of sex education can be more effective than distributing pain medication.
In the earthquake-affected area, increasing the availability of family planning methods is more necessary for many than performing heart surgery.
Teaching women at risk from floods and landslides how to avoid menstrual problems is more important than distributing other relief supplies.
Rescuing people trapped inside the collapsed house is more important right now than teaching about how to prevent STDs.
After the operation, you have to do regular dressing until the wound heals.
The child has diarrhea, so please give them Jeevan Jal.
We need to look at the X-ray report and figure out what's wrong with the lungs.
The doctor advised mother to take high blood pressure medicine regularly.
Before surgery, the patient's blood must be tested.
The child has a fever, so please give them paracetamol.
Back pain can be reduced by doing physiotherapy.
I need to find out if the hospital has dialysis service available.
They say many diseases can be cured with Ayurvedic treatment too.
After Ayurvedic medicine didn't really work, I chose allopathic treatment.
The newborn baby needs to be treated in the ICU.
Home remedies made from herbs found at home also provide a lot of relief.
Before starting chemotherapy, the patient needs to understand everything.
If the new mother has constipation problems, advise her to use home remedies.
After the surgery, the mother needs to rest for a few days.
The child has pneumonia, so they might need to give oxygen.
Chemotherapy may be needed for the treatment of blood cancer.
The patient might need to be referred to Kathmandu for radiotherapy.
If there is a lack of water in the body, Jeevan Jal should be consumed regularly.
The uterus surgery was successful, now need to rest.
We should give training on how to take care of a new mother at home.
There's a long line of patients for dialysis at the hospital.
The doctor has advised to do regular physiotherapy.
Before taking home remedies during postpartum, please ask once.
We should have a class to give information about Ayurvedic medicine.
To control high blood pressure, you must take antihypertensive medicine regularly.
The baby has to be kept in the ICU and monitored 24 hours a day.
A problem was seen in the mother's uterus, so surgery had to be done.
The baby had difficulty breathing, that's why they had to be put in the ICU.
If the fever doesn't go down, the dose of paracetamol might need to be increased.
There is a provision for radiotherapy for cancer treatment in the hospital.
If there is a lack of water in the body, you should drink Jeevan Jal along with liquid foods.
Physiotherapy is very useful for patients with back pain.
It seems we need to add a new machine for dialysis service in the hospital.
If the child has diarrhea, you should make and feed them an ORS solution.
It is becoming difficult for diabetic patients to adjust the insulin dosage.
Special attention should be given to prevent infection after surgery.
The mother has uterine cancer, so she has to have chemotherapy.
Many diseases can be cured by Ayurvedic treatment methods.
Doctor advised to take high blood pressure medicine regularly.
If the child has breathing problems, they might need ICU.
It's good to use home remedies to reduce pain during pregnancy.
If the piles problem doesn't get cured, surgery might be needed.
After labor pain starts, the mother should be taken to the hospital immediately.
The dialysis service is very good in this hospital.
Radiotherapy helps to kill cancer cells.
You have to be very careful while feeding ORS to the baby.
To reduce the side effects of chemotherapy, additional medicine might be needed.
Physiotherapy is an effective way to cure back problems.
Before surgery, all the patient's reports should be checked properly.
Having fever and weakness and weight loss can be due to seasonal flu.
Suspecting TB because of continuous cough and weight loss, let's do more tests.
Nausea is normal for pregnant women, but if there is excessive weight loss, it should be checked.
Fever and rashes on the body along with weight loss can be a sign of danger.
If symptoms like headache, vomiting, and weight loss appear, take them to the hospital immediately.
I suggest giving vitamin supplements because of excessive fatigue and weight loss.
Kidney checkup needs to be done because of swollen limbs and weight loss problems.
Difficulty breathing and weight loss indicate pneumonia.
Weight might have decreased because of continuous coughing, get a chest checkup once.
If you're losing weight due to blood loss from bleeding, you need to stop it.
If you have a continuous fever and are also losing weight, let's get tested for malaria.
If you see symptoms like headache and weight loss, go to the doctor immediately.
If you have nausea and weight loss, take medicine for gastric.
Vomiting and weight loss could mean you're dehydrated.
Coughing and weight loss can be a sign of TB, get your sputum tested.
If you're feeling tired and losing weight, I suggest you rest.
Swelling and weight loss could indicate a heart problem.
If you have bleeding and weight loss, you should go to the hospital immediately.
If you have rashes and weight loss, get tested for allergies.
If you have difficulty breathing and weight loss, it could be asthma, use an inhaler.
If you have a fever and weight loss, take paracetamol and rest.
If you have a headache and weight loss, take a painkiller and rest.
If you have nausea and weight loss, drink ginger tea.
If you are vomiting and losing weight, drink Jeevan Jal.
If you have a cough and weight loss, take honey and ginger juice.
If you feel tired and are losing weight, eat nutritious food.
If you have swelling and weight loss, eat less salt.
If you have bleeding and weight loss, eat iron-rich foods.
If you have rashes and weight loss, take a bath with cold water.
If you have trouble breathing and are losing weight, go to the hospital right away.
Since you've had a fever for a long time and also lost weight, you should get a thorough checkup.
To reduce headaches and gain weight, you should rest and eat nutritious food.
If you're constantly nauseous and losing weight, take medicine as directed by your doctor.
Constant vomiting can cause weight loss and make your body weak.
If you have a bad cough and have lost weight, it's a good idea to get tested for TB.
If you get tired easily while working and are also losing weight, you should rest.
If the swelling in your body is getting worse and you're also losing weight, go to the hospital immediately.
Bleeding can cause a lot of blood loss and weight loss, so you should get a blood test.
If you have itchy rashes and are losing weight, you should see a skin doctor.
Trouble breathing and weight loss could mean your asthma is getting worse.
If you have problems like stomach pain, nausea, and weight loss, you may have a problem with your intestines.
Toothache and difficulty eating can cause weight loss, you should see a dentist.
If you have a fever, cough, and weight loss, you should get tested for Corona.
If you have headaches, blurred vision, and weight loss, you should see a neurologist.
If you're very tired and losing weight, you should get your thyroid checked.
If you have back pain, tingling in your legs, and weight loss, you may have a nerve problem.
Too much stress and worry can also cause weight loss, you should consult a psychiatrist.
Be careful, you could get electrocuted if you are careless while working in the lab.
Immediately pour cold water on the burned area, otherwise the skin will get worse.
We get patients who have ingested poison here, so keep first aid ready.
Accidents can happen while working in the lab, take safety measures.
Pay attention to the dosage when giving medicine to children, otherwise it can have a toxic effect.
You might get bitten by a snake while working in the fields, be careful.
If elderly people don't get their high blood pressure medicine on time, they can have a stroke, be mindful.
Always take precautions to avoid burns from fire.
There is a risk of fire when using flammable substances in the lab, be aware.
If a patient becomes unconscious from electric shock, take them to the hospital immediately.
Take a patient bitten by a snake to the hospital as soon as possible, don't delay.
Call an ambulance immediately if you see symptoms of a heart attack.
Keep children away from poisonous things, they might eat them while playing.
You might fall and break a bone while working in the field, take precautions.
First aid should be given immediately in case of electric shock, otherwise it can be fatal.
Don't waste time on home remedies after a snake bite, go straight to the hospital.
Using chemicals in the lab can cause skin allergies, wear gloves.
Artificial respiration should be given immediately to a patient who has drowned.
Epinephrine injection should be given immediately if symptoms of anaphylaxis appear.
Don't take too much pain medication, it can affect your stomach.
High blood pressure medicine should be taken regularly, otherwise the risk of stroke increases.
Keep children away from pesticides, they may ingest poison.
Wear safety glasses when working in the lab, it can irritate your eyes.
If someone gets bit by a snake, tie it up right away to stop the poison from spreading.
To avoid heart attack, live a healthy lifestyle.
Don't use home remedies on burns, it can cause infection.
Don't touch someone who got electrocuted, you might get shocked too.
If you know someone has taken poison, take them to the hospital immediately.
If you suspect a bone fracture, get an X-ray right away.
If you see symptoms of anaphylaxis, take them to the hospital immediately.
Don't give medicine randomly to someone with a stomach ache, show them to a doctor.
Don't ignore headaches, it could be a sign of a stroke.
If your back pain gets worse, see a doctor right away, otherwise it can affect your spine.
If you see skin allergies, apply medicine right away, otherwise it will get worse.
Asthma patients should always keep an inhaler with them, it's useful in emergencies.
Wear a mask when working in the lab, the smell of chemicals can affect you.
Keep snake bite victims calm, panicking makes the poison spread faster.
Take the electrocuted patient to the nearest hospital immediately.
After pulling a drowned person out of the water, give artificial respiration immediately.
People at risk of anaphylaxis should always carry epinephrine with them.
Don't use ice on burns, it can further damage the skin.
If you suspect someone has taken poison, take them to the hospital immediately, don't delay.
When bandaging a fracture, don't make it too tight, it can stop blood circulation.
Be careful when working in the fields, you might fall and get hurt.
Be careful when using sharp objects in the lab, you could cut yourself.
Don't try to suck the venom from a snake bite, it can be harmful.
Don't smoke to reduce the risk of heart attack.
Don't put medicine in baby's playing containers, they might drink it like poison.
Don't splash water on someone getting electrocuted, it can be more dangerous.
Don't take antiparasitic medicine without a doctor's advice, it can have side effects.
In the post-flood camp, cholera seems more scary than diarrhea, it needs to be controlled immediately.
As important as it is to give TB patients regular medicine, it is equally important to give them nutritious food.
Due to the garbage brought by the flood, the possibility of a dengue outbreak is higher than malaria.
Taking high blood pressure medicine regularly is more important than taking diabetes medicine, or you could die.
In the flood-affected area, the risk of typhoid seems higher than hepatitis, we need to pay attention to sanitation.
As important as it is to give iron tablets to children, it is equally important to pay attention to their dental hygiene.
In the rehabilitation center, the care given to asthma patients should be different from the care given to heart patients.
In this post-flood camp, testing for COVID-19 is more important than for malaria.
The effects of COVID-19 are less in vaccinated people than in unvaccinated people.
Due to the mud brought by the flood, leptospirosis infection can spread faster than typhoid infection.
As important as it is to give paracetamol to a patient with a fever, it is also important to let them rest.
TB patients need more care than other patients.
For old people, diabetes complications can be more dangerous than high blood pressure.
To control diarrhea after a flood, using ORS can be more effective than using Jeevan Jal.
In this rehab center, the nutritious food given to TB patients is different than the food given to malaria patients.
Mental health problems can be more complex than physical health problems for people made homeless by the flood.
In the rehab center, maintaining social distance to avoid COVID-19 is more important than avoiding typhoid.
Giving mental counseling to flood victims can be more important than giving them medicine.
Giving iron tablets to pregnant women is more important than giving calcium tablets.
Treating malaria can be more complex than treating dengue.
Advising a high blood pressure patient to eat less salt is easier than advising a diabetic patient to eat less sweets.
In a flood-affected area, drinking boiled water can be safer than filtering it.
In this rehab center, having a separate room for TB patients is more necessary than having a separate room for COVID-19 patients.
In the post-flood situation, preventing diarrhea is easier than preventing cholera.
Regular exercise for a heart patient can be more beneficial than breathing exercises for a lung patient.
Regular blood tests for diabetic patients are more necessary than regular blood pressure checks for high blood pressure patients.
Giving shelter in a safe place is more important than giving food to those displaced by the flood.
In the rehab center, providing entertainment to children is more challenging than providing counseling to adults.
To avoid the flood, going to a high place is wiser than taking things out of a flooded house.
Getting a typhoid vaccine can be more effective than getting a cholera vaccine.
To avoid dengue, avoiding mosquito bites is more important than taking medicine to avoid malaria.
To control high blood pressure, lifestyle changes can be more effective than taking medicine.
For diabetic patients, eating honey instead of sugar is safer than eating jaggery.
In a rehab center, helping people with mental health issues is more complex than treating people with physical injuries.
In a flood-affected area, distributing immediate relief is easier than long-term reconstruction.
In TB treatment, resting is as important as taking medicine.
Testing for COVID-19 is more expensive than testing for fever.
Taking high blood pressure medicine regularly is more important than taking diabetes medicine.
In a post-flood situation, arranging drinking water is more challenging than arranging toilets.
Blood test to detect malaria infection is faster than blood test to detect dengue infection.
In a rehab center, letting children play is easier than making adults work.
To avoid floods, climbing on the roof of a house might be safer than climbing a tree.
Treating hepatitis takes longer than treating leptospirosis.
It's harder to stop diabetic patients from eating sweets than from eating salty things.
In a rehab center, caring for the elderly requires more patience than caring for the young.
In a post-flood situation, cleaning a house is cheaper than building a new house.
Preventing TB is better than treating it.
Getting the COVID-19 vaccine is more effective than wearing a mask.
Yoga might be more beneficial than exercise for a patient with high blood pressure.
In a post-flood situation, distributing food is more necessary than distributing clothes.
There's diarrhea in the community, so it looks like we need to arrange ORS distribution.
The patient had difficulty breathing, so they had to be put in the ICU immediately.
Because his eye problem is complicated, he might need surgery.
To reduce the pain, they suggested trying home remedies first.
I've heard Ayurvedic medicine has cured many, let's give it a try.
Allopathic medicine gives immediate relief but it's not good to take it all the time.
Dialysis services are running regularly in the hospital.
He might need to have radiation therapy for cancer treatment.
After surgery, physiotherapy is needed to strengthen the muscles.
Diabetic patients should be taught how to manage their insulin dosage.
For a patient with a stomach ache, you should suggest ginger water as a home remedy.
Since there's a blood infection, he might need antibiotics.
Even if the surgery was successful, regular physiotherapy is necessary.
It is believed that many diseases are cured by adopting Ayurvedic treatment.
When did the doctor say to give him the next cycle of chemotherapy?
The pressure of patients for dialysis is increasing in the hospital.
This medicine is antiretroviral, you have to take it regularly.
Apply antifungal cream for the skin infection.
Enough stock should be kept to avoid a shortage of ORS in the community.
The patient's condition needs to be constantly monitored by keeping them in the ICU.
His blood pressure is very low, so he needs ICU care immediately.
To reduce a lot of pain, some home methods can be used at first.
Many people believe that Ayurvedic medicine doesn't have side effects.
There's a misconception that allopathic medicine cures immediately.
He needs to have dialysis twice a week.
Radiation therapy helps kill cancer cells.
Physiotherapy helps strengthen his muscles.
The patient needs to be taught how to inject insulin.
The blood test showed high blood sugar.
Home remedies can be effective for stomach problems.
This antiretroviral medicine should be taken regularly.
Apply this antifungal cream twice a day.
The patient needs to be prepared for surgery.
Ayurvedic treatment is suitable for long-term illnesses.
The patient is feeling very weak because of chemotherapy.
You need to register to receive dialysis services.
Surgery might also be an option for eye treatment.
If home remedies aren't effective for pain relief, allopathic medicine should be used.
He has diabetes, so he needs to take insulin regularly.
He has cancer, so radiation therapy is necessary.
He has a blood infection, so we need to give him antibiotics.
The child has diarrhea, so give him ORS.
His heart surgery was successful.
We need to call him for physiotherapy next week.
If home remedies don't work, then take doctor's advice.
This Ayurvedic medicine increases immunity.
You have to take allopathic medicine for high blood pressure.
He is having a lot of trouble because of radiation therapy.
Physiotherapy helps to bring his body back to its previous condition.
Antifungal medicine cures skin infections.
Dad is so annoyed with joint pain because of his heavy drinking habit, is there any solution?
Many people are smoking in the village, how does it affect health?
He has to take medicine because his eyesight is weak, but he hasn't quit drinking either.
Why do you still consume so much tobacco at this age, haven't you tried to quit?
Nothing happened even after visiting many de-addiction centers to get my son rid of his addiction.
Alcohol has damaged his liver, the doctor has told him to quit drinking immediately.
Is there any rehabilitation center nearby where such patients can be kept and treated?
People who smoke a lot can have breathing problems, right?
Such drug addiction problems make it very difficult for old people.
Are there any vitamin supplements available to quit alcohol?
Is it because of drinking too much alcohol that he has kidney problems?
His eyes have turned yellow because of drinking, does he have jaundice?
The medicine didn't work on him, now we have to take him to a de-addiction center.
Is it true that people who smoke a lot get weak ears?
What kind of counseling service should I take to get rid of drug addiction?
My son drinks too much and fights at home, what to do now?
Dad drank too much and fell, he has a joint injury.
Is it true that old people are at risk of cancer from smoking too much?
Many young people in the village are trapped in drug addiction, how to stop this?
Are there any Ayurvedic medicines available to quit alcohol?
My leg is swollen because of alcohol, is it a sign of a kidney problem getting worse?
Alcohol affects a lot at this age, the doctor has given medicine but he doesn't want to take it.
Because there is no rehabilitation center in the village, we are forced to go to the city for treatment.
Alcohol and cigarettes have weakened the body, now I have to take vitamin supplements.
How much does drug addiction treatment cost?
My vision is blurry because of drinking alcohol, should I wear glasses?
My joints hurt and it's hard to walk because of alcohol, what to do?
What should be the role of the family in getting rid of drug addiction?
What measures can be taken to get my father to quit drinking?
Are there any nicotine patches available to quit smoking?
I have hearing problems due to alcohol, I should see a doctor immediately.
The home environment has deteriorated due to drug addiction, what to do now?
My teeth are yellow from smoking, what to do?
Is there any rehab center nearby to quit drinking?
Many in the village start using tobacco from a young age, what can be done to stop this?
His health has become very weak due to alcohol and smoking addiction.
The way society views drug addiction patients needs to change.
He has to wear glasses because alcohol weakened his eyes.
Is there any home remedy to quit drinking?
Can we run a program in the village to provide information about drug addiction?
I'm having breathing problems due to smoking addiction, what should I do?
Joint pain has increased due to drinking, is there any medicine available?
He needs family support to quit alcohol, but how to do it?
If patients in the health camp have serious problems, an ambulance should be called immediately.
This is a free health service, everyone can get it.
Many patients have found it easier since the telemedicine service started in the village.
The health insurance program has provided great relief to poor families.
You can get free treatment here by showing your health insurance card.
If we know the emergency helpline number, the patient can be taken to the hospital on time.
Health volunteers are providing information about telemedicine in the villages.
Inform the patients who come to the health camp about health insurance.
This health camp is organized under the free health service.
Call immediately if you need an ambulance service.
You can call the emergency helpline number and ask for help.
Telemedicine service has connected even people in remote villages with doctors.
Health insurance reduces the burden of unexpected treatment costs.
Painkillers give immediate relief, but you need to find the root of the problem.
High blood pressure medicine should be taken regularly, otherwise it can be dangerous.
Deworming medicine is available for free at the health camp.
ORS prevents dehydration in the body.
The doctor gave me a referral letter and suggested I go to a big hospital.
Since the telemedicine service started, it has been very easy for the elderly in the village.
It is good to come to the health camp and get a health check-up.
It has become easier to get treatment because of health insurance.
It was difficult to get the patient to the hospital because we couldn't find an ambulance.
You get immediate help when you call the emergency helpline number.
Telemedicine service saves both time and money.
Health insurance should be renewed on time.
Too much use of painkillers can affect your health.
Even after taking high blood pressure medicine, the blood pressure did not come under control.
Children who came to the health camp were given deworming medicine.
The health worker taught how to make ORS.
It's hard to get treatment at the hospital without a referral.
Many people don't know about the telemedicine service.
I was so happy to get free health service at the health camp.
Health insurance reduces the financial burden.
The patient is suffering from cholera, it's hard to find a bed in the ICU!
It was so difficult to bring this COVID-19 patient to the ICU, there was traffic all the way!
Bringing a dengue patient in this traffic, I was scared they might die!
They only called the ambulance after the patient had a severe stomach ache, what will happen with such carelessness!
I wish we could have gotten the patient with high sugar to the hospital on time!
The patient with high blood pressure fainted halfway while being brought to the ICU!
It's so difficult to find a bed in the ICU for a patient weakened by tuberculosis!
It took so long to bring the patient suffering from malaria here, what will happen now!
Because there were no beds available in the ICU, the patient severely ill with typhoid had to stay outside!
If something happens to the hepatitis patient on the way to the ICU, don't blame me!
We need to admit the patient suspected of leptospirosis to the ICU, is there a bed available?
This patient's liver has stopped working, what's the point of putting them in the ICU!
It's so difficult to even bring a patient suffering from back pain to the ICU!
This happened even while taking depression medicine, what to do in the ICU now!
They only brought them to the hospital after the antiparasitic medicine didn't work, such negligence makes it even harder for the patient!
The asthma patient needs oxygen in the ICU, I wish we could get them there on time!
The patient fainted from stomach pain while taking iron pills, what will happen in the ICU now!
Is this fever typhoid or dengue? Until we test, the patient needs to be in the ICU!
COVID patients are increasing in the ICU, it's hard to get a bed!
We brought a cholera patient from the village, but they said there's no space in the ICU!
The diabetic patient's condition worsened and needs to be admitted to the ICU, but there are no beds available!
The high blood pressure patient needs to be in the ICU immediately, otherwise they might die!
It was so hard to get an ambulance to bring the TB patient to the ICU!
The malaria patient needs oxygen support in the ICU, please arrange it now!
We had to pull strings to get a bed for the typhoid patient in the ICU!
What's the point of putting the hepatitis patient in the ICU, the chances of recovery are low!
Should we put the suspected leptospirosis patient in the ICU or not? We need to consult with other doctors!
What will the doctor say about the patient with severe stomach pain in the ICU? We'll have to see!
This patient's brain has stopped working, what's the point of keeping them in the ICU!
It's so hard to find a bed in the ICU for a patient with severe liver damage!
It was so difficult to bring the patient with back problems all the way to the ICU!
This happened while taking depression medicine, I don't know what to do in the ICU!
They only brought them to the hospital after the antiparasitic medicine didn't work, what's the point of putting them in the ICU now!
The asthma patient needs oxygen in the ICU, otherwise they will die!
The patient fainted from stomach pain while taking iron pills, I don't know what will happen in the ICU now!
Is this fever typhoid or dengue? Please keep them in the ICU until we test!
The number of cholera patients is increasing in the ICU, what to do!
A diabetes patient needs to be in the ICU, but it's hard to get a bed!
It took so long to find an ambulance to put a high blood pressure patient in the ICU!
A TB patient needs to be in the ICU, but the doctors didn't really care!
A malaria patient needs oxygen support in the ICU, but there's a lack of oxygen here!
How long do we have to wait for a bed to put a typhoid patient in the ICU!
What's the point of keeping a hepatitis patient in the ICU, let's just take them home and care for them!
I'm confused whether to put a patient suspected of leptospirosis in the ICU or not!
The doctors didn't agree to put a patient suffering from stomach pain in the ICU!
This patient's brain has stopped working, what's the point of keeping them in the ICU, it's just a waste of money!
How much influence do we need to use to get a bed in the ICU for a patient with severe liver damage!
It was such a hassle to even bring a patient suffering from back problems to the ICU!
This happened while taking depression medicine, I don't know what to do in the ICU now!
They only brought them to the hospital after the antiparasitic medicine didn't work, what's the point of putting them in the ICU!
The brightness of the lights here is affecting me more than the newborn baby, because of my blurry vision.
The surgical services at the hospital are probably more organized than in the village, but it's hard to get here.
I thought this iron tablet would reduce my dizziness, but it seems to have made it worse.
I'm worried about eye infections after the baby is born, I need to be more careful than before.
Homemade liquid food is much better for the baby than the vitamin supplements you get at the hospital.
I thought the environment of this hospital would be quieter than home, but the noise has made it even more difficult.
Treating weak eyes during postpartum can be more complicated than normal.
I thought staying at the hospital would be safer than home, but I'm worried about infection.
If I had eye surgery before, I wouldn't have to be blind now, what can I do except regret being late.
I thought the facilities in the hospital would be better than at home, but it's even more problematic here.
It's easier to get eye treatment in the city than in the village, but it's hard to manage the expenses.
I feel like my eye condition is weaker than before, what should I do?
When I have eye problems, the headache problem is much worse now than before.
It is normal for eyesight to decline at this age, but I am afraid of cataracts.
My eyes get much drier now compared to before, maybe it's because of the hospital environment.
The treatment service here should be better than a private clinic, but I didn't find it that way.
It is normal for eye problems to increase during pregnancy, but I am worried about glaucoma.
Eye care after delivery is more important than during pregnancy.
My son's eyes are weak and he has to wear glasses, his are weaker than his father's.
I was hoping that eye treatment would be cheaper in this hospital than in other hospitals, but it is just as expensive here.
Since there is no place to get eye checkups in the village, I have to come to the city, it would have been so much easier if it was in the village instead of the city.
The eye infection should have decreased after taking the medicine given by the doctor, but it seems to have increased.
I didn't care when my eyesight was weak before, now I'm starting to be afraid of becoming blind.
Is it better to take Ayurvedic medicine or allopathic medicine for eye problems, I am confused.
Staying in the hospital is not as comfortable as being at home, but I have to stay for eye treatment.
Eye surgery costs a lot of money in this hospital, I should have done it when the free camp came to the village.
They say the cataract surgery doctor at this hospital knows more than the one in the village.
I heard eye treatment is free in hospitals, but here I have to pay.
Many in the village have weak eyesight, but only a few can come to the city for treatment.
You can find a lot of information about eyes in the hospital, but no one in the village even knows.
My eyes used to hurt a lot when I wore glasses, but now I'm used to it.
You have to wait a long time for eye treatment at this hospital, you could get it right away at the village clinic.
It's easy to find an eye doctor in the city, but you have to search for one in the village.
The vitamin supplements the doctor told me to take should have reduced my eye problem, but I don't see any difference.
It's normal for eye problems to increase during postpartum, but I'm very scared.
I thought the food at this hospital would be better than at home, but it's inedible.
The medicine the doctor gave me should have reduced the eye pain, but why hasn't it?
You don't find out much when you get your eyes checked in the village, but you find out everything in the city.
The doctor said I need eye surgery, but I'm very scared.
I miss home when I stay in the hospital, but I have to stay for eye treatment.
My eyesight used to be very good, but now I see blurry.
Eye treatment is very expensive at this hospital, but I have to get treatment.
It's a big problem not having an eye doctor in the village, but you can easily find one in the city.
You can find a lot of information about eyes in the hospital, but no one in the village even cares.
I didn't have eye problems before, but now I see blurry.
Eye treatment costs a lot of money at this hospital, but I have to get treatment.
In the village, there's so much problem for eye treatment, but in the city it's easily available.
The medicine the doctor gave was supposed to reduce the eye pain, but why hasn't it? It feels like it's increased.
They said eyes get weak after giving birth, but mine got really weak.
This child has joint pain, can we suspect rheumatism?
Even after taking diabetes medicine, there's no relief, should I get a proper checkup?
Does high blood pressure also cause bone weakening problems like this?
This looks like symptoms of tuberculosis, should we do more tests?
Should we get a blood test done immediately, suspecting malaria?
This fever might be because of dengue, should we get it checked?
Should we get a COVID-19 test, the symptoms are similar?
Does typhoid also cause headaches and joint pain like this?
The child is weak from diarrhea, is it a cholera infection?
Does liver problems also affect joints, like if I had hepatitis?
They say the risk of leptospirosis is higher in villages, what are its symptoms?
There are rashes on the skin like this, is it because of allergies?
There's a fear of bone fracture due to weak bones, is it a calcium deficiency?
Is the reason for muscle weakness a vitamin deficiency?
Does kidney problems also cause joint pain?
Should vitamin supplements be taken regularly?
Is this skin infection caused by fungus, should I apply antifungal cream?
How much ORS should I give? The baby is very weak.
My asthma problem has increased. What to do if the inhaler doesn't work?
Can diabetes also cause this kind of skin problem?
Can high blood pressure medicine cause this kind of dizziness?
How long does it take to feel better after starting TB treatment?
What precautions should be taken to avoid malaria?
How many days does it take to recover from dengue fever?
Is there still a risk of infection even after getting the COVID-19 vaccine?
What to eat and what not to eat to avoid typhoid?
What cleanliness should be maintained to prevent cholera from spreading?
What should be done as soon as hepatitis symptoms appear?
What should be worn while working in the field to avoid leptospirosis?
Which doctor should I see if the skin disease doesn't heal?
What kind of food should be eaten to make bones strong?
What should be done to reduce muscle pain?
What measures should be taken to protect the kidneys?
Do vitamin supplements also have side effects?
What to do if the skin becomes allergic when applying antifungal cream?
What can be made at home instead of ORS?
What to do if breathing becomes difficult even after using an inhaler?
Do I need to come on an empty stomach to check for diabetes?
Should I take high blood pressure medicine regularly?
Does TB medicine have any other side effects?
For how many days should I take malaria medicine?
What should be done for dengue prevention?
How dangerous is the new variant of COVID-19?
How is typhoid tested?
Is there a cholera vaccine available or not?
Should I get the Hepatitis B vaccine or not?
How long does leptospirosis treatment take?
What are some home remedies for skin disease?
What can be done to reduce bone pain?
What kind of exercise should I do to strengthen muscles?
If diabetic patients have thyroid problems, wounds may be difficult to heal, be aware.
Taking high blood pressure and thyroid medicine together can be dangerous as blood pressure may drop, consult a doctor.
Patients undergoing TB treatment need to get their thyroid checked, the medicine can affect thyroid hormones.
If you experience blurred vision or pain in your eyes when your thyroid is high, go to the hospital immediately.
If you have fever, headache, and thyroid problems at the same time, dengue may be suspected, get it checked immediately.
Thyroid patients infected with COVID-19 may need to be placed in the ICU if they have breathing problems.
Don't forget to get your thyroid checked after typhoid treatment, it can affect the thyroid gland.
If you have diarrhea and thyroid problems at the same time, it could be cholera, get treated right away.
Hepatitis can affect the thyroid gland, so get it checked on time.
Leptospirosis infection can mess with thyroid hormones, so be careful.
Pregnant women with thyroid problems should see a doctor regularly, otherwise it will affect the baby.
While taking thyroid medicine, don't take vitamin supplements randomly, it can reduce the effect of the medicine.
Thyroid patients taking high blood pressure medicine should get their blood pressure checked regularly.
ORS may not help much with constipation caused by thyroid, get it checked by a doctor.
People taking HIV medicine are more likely to have thyroid problems, get regular checkups.
If the thyroid is enlarged and there is a lump in the throat, get a biopsy done immediately, it could be cancer.
People with thyroid problems should pay attention to the use of iodized salt, too much or too little can be harmful.
Thyroid problems can cause memory loss, get treated on time.
If you have tingling in your hands and feet due to thyroid, consult a neurology specialist.
If you experience chest pain or increased heartbeat after starting thyroid medication, tell your doctor immediately.
People with thyroid problems should exercise regularly, otherwise they may gain weight.
Do not change the dose of thyroid medicine without consulting a doctor, it can have serious effects.
Women with thyroid problems are more likely to have irregular periods, get treated on time.
Thyroid can increase depression, consult a psychiatrist.
If you want to get pregnant while being treated for thyroid, consult a doctor.
People with thyroid problems should avoid the cold, it can further affect the thyroid gland.
If you experience stomach pain or diarrhea while taking thyroid medicine, inform your doctor.
People with thyroid problems should stay away from smoking and alcohol.
If you have hair loss problems due to thyroid, get treatment immediately.
People with thyroid problems should sleep on time at night, otherwise it can have a negative impact on health.
People with thyroid problems should stay away from stress, and do yoga and meditation.
Taking thyroid medicine can interact with other medicines, inform the doctor about all the medicines.
People with thyroid problems should drink enough water, otherwise constipation problems may increase.
If your voice changes due to thyroid, see a doctor immediately.
People with thyroid problems should eat less sugary food, it can increase weight.
If you don't take thyroid medicine regularly, you may have heart problems.
If you see swelling in the body due to thyroid, see a doctor immediately.
People with thyroid problems should pay attention to their diet and eat nutritious food.
If you have dry skin problems due to thyroid, use moisturizer.
If diabetic patients have thyroid, it is difficult for wounds to heal on their feet, be careful.
Thyroid patients should take special precautions during COVID-19, there is a higher risk of infection.
Patients with high blood pressure and thyroid problems should reduce their salt intake.
Thyroid patients taking tuberculosis medicine should have regular liver check-ups.
When thyroid increases, it can affect the brain, so get treatment on time.
If you have fever and thyroid problems at the same time, you may suspect malaria, get it checked immediately.
People with thyroid problems should have their eyes checked from time to time, eye problems can occur.
If you have back pain due to thyroid, you should do physiotherapy.
People with thyroid problems should reduce coffee and tea intake, it reduces the effect of the medicine.
People with thyroid problems should go for regular follow-ups with the doctor, the disease can worsen.
Typhoid tests should be done for patients with fever in the maternity ward.
It's common for pregnant women to have high blood pressure problems.
Special attention should be paid to hygiene to protect newborns from infection, there is also a risk of cholera.
Many women who come here have anemia, some are even suspected of having tuberculosis.
Babies of diabetic mothers need special care.
Everyone needs to be careful as the dengue outbreak has increased.
If you see symptoms of malaria, come to the hospital immediately.
Some patients admitted to this ward have been found to have hepatitis infection.
Safe painkillers can be used to reduce pain during postpartum.
Leptospirosis infection during pregnancy can lead to complications.
The use of ORS is effective in protecting newborns from infection.
If a pregnant woman has high blood pressure, she should be treated immediately.
There is a separate ward for tuberculosis patients in the hospital.
Pregnant women are advised to get vaccinated against typhoid.
Diabetic patients should have their insulin levels checked regularly.
Postpartum mothers are advised to eat healthy food and rest.
The risk of malaria is high in this area, so be careful.
To avoid cholera, drink only boiled water.
To avoid dengue, protect yourself from mosquito bites.
Pregnant women need to take extra precautions during the corona epidemic.
Typhoid testing is free at the hospital.
Diabetic patients should pay special attention to their diet.
Patients with high blood pressure should take medication regularly.
The government provides free medicine to tuberculosis patients.
Sufficient medicine is available in the hospital for the treatment of malaria.
Dengue testing and treatment are free.
To avoid corona, it is necessary to wear a mask and maintain social distance.
Pay attention to hygiene to avoid cholera infection.
Get vaccinated to prevent hepatitis.
Avoid going into dirty water to avoid leptospirosis infection.
Only take painkillers according to the doctor's advice to reduce pain.
The use of ORS prevents dehydration in the body.
Pregnant women are advised to take iron and calcium tablets regularly.
Modern equipment is available in the hospital for tuberculosis testing.
Diabetic patients are advised to exercise regularly.
Patients with high blood pressure are advised to eat less salt.
Use mosquito nets to avoid malaria.
To avoid dengue, do not allow water to accumulate around the house.
Get vaccinated to protect yourself from Corona infection.
Wash your hands properly before eating to avoid cholera.
Practice safe sex to avoid hepatitis.
Wear boots while working in the field to avoid leptospirosis.
Use warm water to foment and reduce the pain.
The method of making ORS should be taught to the patient's relatives.
Diabetic patients in this ward need special care.
A patient with increased blood pressure should be taken to the doctor immediately.
Tuberculosis patients should be encouraged to take medication regularly.
The necessary kits for malaria testing are available.
Typhoid patients are increasing in this area.
Precautions should be taken to prevent the spread of infection in the maternity ward.
Iron tablets are more likely to turn your teeth yellow than other tablets.
At this age, it is better to focus on a balanced diet than increasing protein intake.
The supplementary feeding arrangement is a bit different in this rehabilitation center than in other places.
Malnourished children should be given more attention than other children to prevent vitamin deficiencies.
It is better for diabetic patients to focus on their protein intake initially instead of taking insulin.
Iron-rich foods are as important as iron pills for patients with anemia.
Although pain relievers provide temporary relief, a balanced diet is important for long-term health.
It is best to get iron from natural sources rather than taking iron tablets to increase the amount of iron the body needs.
To reduce obesity, it's as important to reduce fatty foods as it is to take the right amount of protein.
To avoid iodine deficiency diseases, eating iodized salt is much better than eating other salts.
In this center, patients with vitamin deficiencies get special care compared to other hospitals.
Patients with weak bones need calcium-rich foods more than other foods.
No matter how much protein you take without paying attention to a balanced diet, it doesn's really matter.
For people with anemia, it's even more beneficial to eat iron-rich foods along with iron tablets.
In this rehabilitation center, malnourished children are given better supplementary feeding than elsewhere.
Physical exercise benefits the body more than pain relievers.
It is as important to eat protein-rich foods as it is to have the physical ability to digest them.
To prevent iodine deficiency, using iodized salt is safer than using other salts.
Treatment for patients with vitamin deficiencies is more effective here than in other places.
To get the vitamins the body needs, natural foods are better than supplementary feeding.
To reduce obesity, exercise is as important as a balanced diet.
In the treatment of anemia, the role of iron tablets is as important as paying attention to diet.
For a child's physical development, protein intake should be higher than at other ages.
This rehabilitation center has better micronutrient management than other centers.
In the treatment of goiter caused by iodine deficiency, it is better to eat iodized salt initially than to have surgery.
Here, malnourished patients are tried to be cured faster than in other places.
To strengthen bones, eating calcium-rich foods is as important as vitamin D.
To increase protein intake, not only meat but also beans and lentils are equally important.
To avoid anemia, it's better to focus on iron-rich foods than just taking iron tablets.
In this place, patients with vitamin deficiencies get more facilities than in other places.
To lose weight, it's more important to focus on a balanced diet than just eating less.
To fulfill iron deficiency, eating fruits and green vegetables is as important as taking iron tablets.
The quality of supplementary feeding is better in this rehabilitation center compared to other places.
To increase protein in the body, beans are as important as meat and fish.
In this place, patients with iodine deficiency get special counseling compared to other places.
To solve malnutrition, focusing on cleanliness is as important as supplementary feeding.
Physical exercise and yoga provide long-term relief instead of painkiller medicine.
Iron tablets temporarily reduce anemia, but a balanced diet provides a permanent solution.
In this place, they try to recover patients with vitamin deficiencies faster than in other places.
To lose weight, staying away from oily and sugary foods is as important as physical exercise.
Homemade food is always healthier than supplementary feeding.
Natural foods are much safer than iron tablets in the treatment of anemia.
In this rehabilitation center, better information is given about protein intake than in other places.
To fulfill vitamin deficiency, it is better to eat fresh fruits and vegetables than supplementary feeding.
To fulfill iron deficiency, liver and beans are as important as iron tablets.
To treat goiter caused by iodine deficiency, iodized salt is as important as seafood.
To avoid malnutrition, food hygiene is as important as supplementary feeding.
In this rehabilitation center, more detailed information is given about balanced diets than in other places.
Even though iron tablets increase iron levels in the blood, green vegetables also provide the body with other essential nutrients.
Instead of dieting to lose weight, it's much better to adopt a healthy lifestyle.
How high is the risk of eye infections in the post-flood period?
If eye surgery is needed, what kind of facilities are available here?
What services are available at the hospital for people with low vision?
How likely is it that vision will return after cataract surgery?
How can vision loss due to glaucoma be prevented?
What should be done to solve the problem of refractive error in the eye?
If there are any eye problems due to the flood, should I come to the hospital immediately?
My eyesight is getting blurry, is this a symptom of low vision?
What should I do immediately if I have an eye injury or infection?
How long does cataract surgery take and how much does it cost?
What kind of technology is available here for the treatment of glaucoma?
What are the effects of not treating refractive error?
How to prevent eye infections from contaminated water due to floods?
Are there any special glasses available for people with low vision?
What precautions should be taken after eye surgery?
What to do if an eye infection does not heal?
How likely is it that the eyes will be weak after cataract surgery?
What is good to eat to protect the eyes from glaucoma?
What to do if refractive error problems keep increasing?
Who to contact if flood victims have eye problems?
What kind of facilities are there here for children with low vision?
How many days do you have to stay in the hospital for eye surgery?
If there is a common eye infection, can it be treated at home?
How long does it take for vision to return after cataract surgery?
Should glaucoma medicine be taken regularly or can it be stopped?
What to do if distant vision weakens due to refractive error?
Where to go if people displaced by floods have eye problems?
What kind of help is available here for elderly people with low vision?
How long does it take to rest after eye surgery?
If you have an eye infection, what to eat and what not to eat?
How safe is cataract surgery?
When does the condition come where glaucoma surgery is needed?
What should be done to avoid refractive error problems?
What to do if you have eye allergies due to the flood?
Has the government provided any facilities for people with low vision?
How modern are the equipment here to perform eye surgery?
What kind of home remedies can be done if there is an eye infection?
What to do if cataract surgery fails?
Does glaucoma medicine affect other illnesses?
Can refractive error problems be removed with laser?
What measures should be taken to protect the eyes during a flood?
What to do if it's hard to read due to low vision?
What kind of preparation is needed here for eye surgery?
What shouldn't you do when you have an eye infection?
What are the alternatives to cataract surgery?
Why should glaucoma be checked regularly?
How to reduce headaches caused by refractive error?
What to do if dirty water damages the eyes during a flood?
Can low vision be completely cured?
What problems can occur after eye surgery?
I have a fever and tingling in my hands and feet, get it checked once.
I've had a headache for many days, it could be a pinched nerve.
Nausea and vomiting have weakened my body.
Tell me if you have a cough and chest pain.
Some blood tests may be needed to find out the cause of fatigue.
When you press on the swollen area of the body, does it leave a pit?
Nosebleeds can also be caused by excessive heat.
There are rashes on the body, it could also be due to allergies.
Don't ignore if you have difficulty breathing.
To find out why your hands and feet are tingling, you might need a nerve test.
You can take paracetamol to reduce fever, up to three times a day.
If your fever and headache don't get better, you might need more tests.
If your feet are swollen, eat less salty food.
If you have chest pain, you might need a heart checkup.
If you have a persistent cough, it's good to get checked for tuberculosis.
If you feel weak, I advise you to rest and drink plenty of water.
If you have rashes on your body, apply anti-itch cream.
If you have difficulty breathing, go to the hospital immediately.
Don't ignore the problem of tingling in your hands and feet.
Drink plenty of water to reduce your headache.
Drink ginger tea to reduce nausea.
If you have a cough, eat honey and lemon juice.
Do regular exercise to reduce fatigue.
Eat food with less salt to reduce body swelling.
If you have a bleeding problem, see a doctor immediately.
If you have rashes on your skin, don't go in the sun.
If you have difficulty breathing, you might need oxygen.
The tingling problem may be due to nerve weakness.
If you have a fever, take paracetamol and rest.
To find the cause of the headache, you might need some tests.
We should give medicine to stop the vomiting.
If the cough doesn't get better, consult a doctor.
If you feel weak, eat nutritious food.
Drink enough water to reduce body swelling.
If you have bleeding problems, get your blood pressure checked.
If the rash on your skin itches, don't scratch it.
If you have difficulty breathing, call an ambulance to take you to the hospital.
If your hands and feet are tingling, go to the nearest health post.
You have a fever, take rest.
Tell me more about your headache.
To find out the cause of vomiting, tests need to be done.
If your chest hurts from coughing, you might need an X-ray.
If you are very tired, you may have a vitamin deficiency.
We need to find out why your body is swollen.
If you see bleeding problems, you should go to the hospital immediately.
If you see a rash on your skin, take allergy medicine.
If you have difficulty breathing, you may need oxygen, be prepared.
Instead of running a health camp in the village, I find it easier to examine patients through telemedicine.
In times of floods like now, arranging a helicopter instead of searching for an ambulance would save many lives.
Health insurance is not as easily accessible in villages as it is in cities.
Getting a referral here is easier than it probably is at the district hospital.
Providing free health service during a disaster is important, but continuing it is just as challenging.
Many find it easier to explain their eye problem through telemedicine than to get their eyes checked at a health camp.
Many would feel relieved if they could meet a health worker and explain their problem instead of calling the emergency helpline number.
Health insurance provides relief to many, rather than paying for medicine from their own pocket.
Taking telemedicine service saves more time than having to go to the hospital.
Before giving antibiotics, the patient should be examined well, otherwise it will do more harm than good.
It's sad that some people use their own money to buy medicine even when they have health insurance.
The emergency helpline system has been effective when an ambulance is not immediately available.
Making a referral paper is a hassle, but getting the patient to the hospital is even harder.
Providing free health service in the village is good, but more important is to continue it.
Going to the regular hospital is better than getting treated at a health camp.
Getting checked through telemedicine is easy, but using the internet in the village is just as difficult.
It is easy to get health insurance in the city, but it is difficult in the village.
It's better if health workers prioritize telemedicine services over running health camps in villages.
It is best to go to the nearest health post instead of contacting the emergency helpline by phone.
It is much better to get medicine for free from health insurance than to buy it with money.
Providing telemedicine services is safer than running health camps during floods.
Getting a referral through telemedicine is easier than getting it at the hospital.
Getting a helicopter in a village is even harder than getting an ambulance.
The health insurance program isn't as effective in villages as it should be.
It's just as important to give information about telemedicine as it is to make it free.
It's much better to get expert advice from telemedicine than to get basic treatment at a health camp.
It's faster to inform the nearest police station than to call the emergency helpline for an ambulance.
It's wiser to use health insurance than to buy medicine with your own money.
Telemedicine isn't as popular in villages as it is in cities.
It's wrong for hospitals to take money from patients even when they have health insurance.
During floods, getting a rescue team is more important than getting an ambulance.
It's important to understand the patient's condition before giving a referral.
The government's policy of free healthcare is good, but the implementation is weak.
Identifying complex cases is more important than treating common illnesses at a health camp.
You need electricity just as much as you need internet to use telemedicine.
Getting information about health insurance is easier in the city than in the village.
Encouraging patients to use telemedicine is important, but maintaining the quality of service is challenging.
It's easy to call the emergency helpline, but it's hard to get immediate service.
It's better for poor people to participate in health insurance than to borrow money to buy medicine.
Telemedicine has helped patients who can't go to the hospital, and it has also made things easier for doctors.
Due to the lack of ambulance service in the village, it's difficult to get patients to the hospital, and it adds a lot of financial burden.
The time it takes to make a referral paper stresses the doctor more than it risks the patient's life.
Announcing free healthcare is as easy as managing the budget for it is difficult.
It's better to take care of your health regularly than to get checked in a health camp.
It's as easy to tell the doctor your problem when taking telemedicine service as it is challenging to maintain privacy.
It's as easy to find a health insurance company in the city as it is difficult in the village.
It is as important for health workers to provide telemedicine services in rural areas as it is challenging to provide the necessary equipment for it.
It is as important to call the emergency helpline and ask for help as it is necessary to give correct information.
Renewing health insurance is safer for the future than buying medicine with your own money.
If diabetic patients don't take medicine on time, it can affect the kidneys, be careful.
If high blood pressure is not controlled, the risk of heart disease increases, get regular checkups.
Patients with liver disease should not take painkillers without a doctor's advice.
Those with thyroid problems should balance the amount of iodine in their diet, otherwise it will have serious health effects.
Rheumatism can cause pain and swelling in the body's joints, and disability can occur if not treated in time.
Asthma patients should avoid dust and smoke, otherwise it can be difficult to breathe and can be fatal.
Those with COPD should quit smoking cigarettes and bidis, otherwise the disease will get worse.
Those with heart disease should stay away from fatty and salty foods, otherwise the problem may increase.
Cancer treatment should not be delayed, go to the hospital as soon as possible.
Those with kidney problems should not drink less water, drink enough water.
If liver disease is severe, it can also affect the brain, get treatment in time.
It is necessary to control high blood pressure to avoid stroke, otherwise there is a risk of death.
To avoid lung cancer, don't smoke, it's bad for your health.
Diabetes patients shouldn't eat too many sweets, it affects their health badly.
If high blood pressure patients don't take medicine regularly, they might get paralysis.
People with liver disease shouldn't drink alcohol, it damages the liver more.
Thyroid medicine should be taken regularly, don't stop it without asking the doctor.
To reduce arthritis pain, use painkillers as little as possible, it can affect the kidneys.
Asthma patients should always carry an inhaler, it's useful in emergencies.
COPD patients should get their lungs checked regularly, otherwise the infection can get worse.
People with heart problems shouldn't do heavy work, they need to rest.
Cancer patients might feel weak during chemotherapy, but they should continue the treatment.
To avoid kidney stones, drink plenty of water and get regular checkups.
To avoid fatty liver, eat less oily food.
If you have a brain tumor, get treatment on time, otherwise you could die.
If you have a lung infection, see a doctor right away, don't delay.
Diabetes patients should pay special attention to their diet, otherwise complications can increase.
High blood pressure patients should reduce salt intake, it helps control blood pressure.
To avoid liver disease, get vaccinated against hepatitis, it helps protect you from the disease.
If you have thyroid problems, you might feel tired and weak, take rest.
Arthritis patients should exercise regularly, but only after consulting a doctor.
Asthma patients should wear a mask to avoid pollution, it makes breathing easier.
If you have COPD, stay away from dust and smoke, it can cause breathing problems.
If you have heart disease, stay away from stress, do yoga and meditation.
To lower the risk of cancer, adopt a healthy lifestyle, and get regular checkups.
To avoid kidney problems, don't take painkillers unnecessarily, it can affect your kidneys.
To keep your liver healthy, stay away from junk food and processed food.
To keep your brain healthy, get enough rest, and stay away from stress.
To keep your lungs healthy, stay away from smoking and pollution.
Take your diabetes medicine on time, otherwise it can affect other organs.
If you don't take your high blood pressure medicine regularly, you could have a heart attack, be careful.
If you have liver disease, don't take any medicine without consulting a doctor.
If you have thyroid problems, follow the doctor's instructions, and go for regular follow-ups.
Physiotherapy also helps in the treatment of arthritis, but consult a doctor.
Asthma patients should avoid the cold, because the cold can worsen asthma.
If you have COPD and get a cough, see a doctor immediately.
Heart patients should have their blood pressure checked regularly.
If you suspect cancer, get a biopsy test, it helps to identify the disease.
If you have diabetes, high blood pressure, or heart disease, take special precautions to avoid COVID-19.
People with chronic diseases such as diabetes, high blood pressure, and liver disease should get regular health checkups, and take medicines as advised by the doctor.
If you don't take iron tablets regularly during pregnancy, the baby may have health problems in the future, remember that.
Complete all preparations before going to the hospital for a safe delivery, otherwise there may be problems in an emergency.
If you don't use temporary family planning methods, there's a chance of getting pregnant again, be aware.
Not drinking enough water while postpartum can increase constipation problems, take care.
If you don't exclusively breastfeed the baby for 6 months, there's a risk of weakened immunity.
If you don't get a postpartum checkup, uterine infections can cause complications, get it checked on time.
If you don't take high blood pressure medicine regularly during pregnancy, it can be dangerous for both mother and baby.
If you don't vaccinate the baby immediately after birth, there is a possibility of getting various diseases, don't forget.
If you don't rest enough after giving birth, there is a possibility of uterine prolapse, don't forget to rest.
If you don't clean the bottle properly before feeding the baby formula milk, it can cause infection, pay attention.
If you smoke during pregnancy, it can affect the baby's brain development, quit immediately.
Lifting heavy objects during postpartum can cause problems in the uterus, take precautions.
If you don't think carefully before adopting a permanent family planning method, you may regret it later.
If you don't eat enough nutritious food after giving birth, the body becomes weak and the risk of getting sick increases.
If you don't take diabetes medicine regularly during pregnancy, the baby may have congenital problems, don't be careless.
If the baby is not vaccinated at the scheduled time, serious diseases can occur in the future, take care.
Eating too much spicy food while postpartum can upset the baby, eat simple food.
If you take medicine arbitrarily during pregnancy, it can affect the baby's physical development, do not take it without doctor's advice.
Returning to work immediately after giving birth can damage your health, prioritize rest.
If high blood pressure is not controlled during pregnancy, it can cause a stroke, get treatment on time.
If you don't have regular check-ups, it is difficult to identify complications during pregnancy, get checked on time.
If you don't pay attention to hygiene during postpartum, there is a risk of infection, always stay clean.
If you feed the baby solid food before 6 months, they might have digestive problems, so be patient.
If you stress during pregnancy, it can affect the baby's mental development, so try to be happy.
Having sex during postpartum can cause infection, wait for some time.
If you drink less water during pregnancy, it can affect the baby's health, so drink plenty of water.
If you don't exercise regularly after giving birth, you might gain weight, so exercise.
If you see side effects from using family planning methods, see a doctor immediately, don't ignore it.
If diabetes increases during pregnancy, there is a risk of the baby being born big, so keep it under control.
If you don't clean the nipple properly when feeding the baby milk from a bottle, it can cause infection, so be careful.
Having an X-ray during pregnancy can affect the baby, don't do it without a doctor's advice.
If you eat too much sweet food during postpartum, the risk of diabetes may increase, so eat a balanced diet.
If you don't breastfeed the baby on time, they may get jaundice, so breastfeed immediately.
If you see symptoms of high blood pressure during pregnancy, go to the hospital immediately, don't neglect it.
Don't take painkillers during postpartum without a doctor's advice, it can be dangerous.
If you don't feed the baby liquid food, they may get dehydrated, so feed them regularly.
If you don't manage stress during pregnancy, it can affect the baby's brain development, so do yoga.
Drinking too much cold water during postpartum can cause stomach pain, so drink lukewarm water.
Choosing the wrong method for family planning can have negative effects on your health, so get counseling.
If you don't eat nutritious food during pregnancy, the baby may have low weight, so eat a balanced diet.
If you don't massage the baby with oil regularly, their bones may become weak, so massage them.
Drinking too much coffee during postpartum can cause the baby to have trouble sleeping, so drink less.
If you lack iron during pregnancy, you can get anemia, take iron pills regularly.
If you don't even give water to the baby for 6 months, it can affect the digestive system, only breastfeed.
If you eat too much salty food during postpartum, you can get high blood pressure, eat less salt.
If you don't get tested for diabetes during pregnancy, the baby can have congenital diseases, get tested on time.
If you don't vaccinate the baby on time, there is a risk of an epidemic, don't forget to vaccinate.
Doing too much physical work during postpartum can cause problems in the uterus, rest.
Walking too much in dust and smoke during pregnancy can cause breathing problems, wear a mask.
If you don't wash your hands thoroughly before feeding the baby, it can cause infection, always feed with clean hands.
Why do I get tingling in my hands and feet when I have a fever?
What could be the reason why my body joints also feel numb when I have a headache?
Why do some parts of the body become numb when feeling nauseous and vomiting?
When I have a cough, my chest feels heavy and my hands and feet tingle, is this normal?
When I feel very tired, my fingers feel numb, what should I do?
What could be the reason for not feeling anything when touching a swollen part of the body?
While bleeding, some parts of the body feel numb, why?
What to do if you have tingling in your hands and feet when you have rashes on your body?
When it is difficult to breathe, my fingers feel numb, is this a dangerous sign?
Why do some parts of the body become numb when the bones ache?
What to do if the muscles ache and feel numb?
What medicine to give if you have tingling in your legs when you have back pain?
My heart races and my fingers feel numb, what could be the reason?
Will using an inhaler reduce the tingling in my hands and feet?
What should I do if parts of my body feel numb after taking antibiotics?
Could this be happening because of the antiretroviral medication?
My fingers feel numb after taking iron tablets, is this normal?
What medicine is appropriate if my hands and feet feel numb when I have a fever?
When I have a headache, my fingers feel numb, is this a symptom of migraine?
What should I do if I feel numbness in parts of my body when I feel nauseous?
What medicine should I give if I have tingling fingers when I cough?
What kind of treatment should I get if my hands and feet feel numb when I'm very tired?
When my body is swollen, my fingers feel numb, is this due to an allergy?
What should I do if parts of my body feel numb while bleeding?
What medicine should I use if I have tingling in my hands and feet when I have hives?
When I have difficulty breathing, my fingers feel numb, what should I do immediately?
What should I do if parts of my body feel numb when my bones ache?
What medicine is appropriate if my muscles ache and feel numb?
What should I do if I have tingling in my legs when I have back pain?
My heart races and my fingers feel numb, is this a serious problem?
Which vitamin deficiency might cause tingling in the hands and feet when I have a fever?
Could numbness in the body during a headache be due to a pinched nerve?
If you feel numb and nauseous, will salt water help?
If you have a cough, chest feels heavy, and your limbs tingle, is that a sign of pneumonia?
If you feel tired and your fingers feel numb, is it okay to rest or should you see a doctor?
If you can't feel when you touch a swollen area, is that because of an infection?
If some parts of your body feel numb when you bleed, is that from blood loss?
If your limbs tingle when you have hives, will allergy medicine help?
If you have trouble breathing and your fingers feel numb, do you need oxygen?
If some parts of your body feel numb when your bones ache, will painkillers help?
If your muscles ache and feel numb, will a hot compress help?
If your legs tingle when you have back pain, is that a symptom of a slipped disc?
If your heart beats fast and your fingers feel numb, is that a heart problem?
What to do if you have a fever and headache and your fingers feel numb?
If your limbs feel numb after vomiting, what kind of food is good to eat?
If you have a cough, trouble breathing, and your fingers tingle, which medicine is helpful?
If you feel tired and your fingers feel numb, how long should you rest?
If your fingers feel numb when your body is swollen, is that a sign of danger?
If your limbs feel numb while bleeding, what's the immediate way to stop the bleeding?
If your fingers feel numb when you have itchy hives, which cream is good to apply?
Sister, can I get some medicine for diarrhea at this pharmacy?
I need to check if there is a cholera vaccine available here.
Do you have antibiotics for patients with stomach ache and diarrhea in this pharmacy?
You would give paracetamol to an elderly patient with fever, right?
There's news that typhoid patients are increasing in the hospital these days.
It's good to give Jeevan Jal to anyone who has diarrhea in the village.
Is there anyone here who can give information about hepatitis in this pharmacy?
Scabies patients are increasing in this area, we need to pay attention to cleanliness.
Do you have rabies vaccine in this pharmacy?
I don't know if antibiotics cure diarrhea or not.
Do you have facility to get influenza vaccine here?
Due to the increase in diarrhea outbreak in the village, there is more pressure in the pharmacy.
The number of meningitis patients is increasing in the hospital.
Do you have medicine to stop diarrhea in this pharmacy?
This medicine provides relief to patients weakened by fever and diarrhea.
Are there any ways to prevent diarrhea in this pharmacy?
Jeevan Jal is given to diarrhea patients in the hospital.
Are there any home remedies for diarrhea in this pharmacy?
The doctor has prescribed antibiotics for diarrhea.
Are there any special foods for diarrhea patients in this pharmacy?
It is necessary to drink clean water to avoid cholera.
Are there ways to prevent hepatitis explained in this pharmacy?
Use this cream to cure scabies.
It's very important to get vaccinated against rabies.
If you see symptoms of meningitis, go to the hospital immediately.
Get vaccinated to avoid the flu.
Pay attention to hygiene to avoid diarrhea.
Is there anyone in this pharmacy who can give information about typhoid?
If you have diarrhea, you should rest.
How much does diarrhea medicine cost in this pharmacy?
If you see symptoms of cholera, you should see a doctor immediately.
Is the hepatitis vaccine available in this pharmacy?
Use this soap for scabies.
If you get rabies, you should get immediate treatment.
Pay attention to hygiene to avoid meningitis.
Does this pharmacy have medicine for the flu?
The body has become weak due to diarrhea.
Typhoid should be treated on time.
Can I get some advice for diarrhea in this pharmacy?
To avoid cholera, you should pay attention to food.
Are there any ways to prevent hepatitis explained in this pharmacy?
If you have scabies, you should seek doctor's advice.
How much does the rabies vaccine cost in this pharmacy?
Take this medicine for the treatment of meningitis.
How much does the flu vaccine cost in this pharmacy?
There is dehydration due to diarrhea.
Get vaccinated to prevent typhoid.
Do you have Ayurvedic medicine for diarrhea in this pharmacy?
There is news of cholera spreading in the village.
Can I get information about leptospirosis in this pharmacy?
I have had a fever for three days, and I'm also feeling nauseous, what should I do?
I'm so annoyed with this headache, I also vomited, and it didn't get better even after taking paracetamol.
I've had a cough for a long time, my chest also hurts, and it's hard to breathe.
I have been feeling very tired since this morning, and I don't feel like working.
My hands and feet are swollen, and my joints also hurt, is there any solution?
I have red rashes on my body, and I'm so annoyed by the itching, what allergy is this?
My nose is bleeding, and I also feel weak, what could be the reason?
My stomach hurts and I feel nauseous, I don't feel like eating anything.
I'm suffering from fever and cough, is this just a seasonal cold?
Can you give me any painkiller to reduce the headache?
Is there any medicine available to stop vomiting?
I am feeling tired, can I take vitamin supplements?
My leg is swollen, what should I do to reduce it?
My chest hurts and I'm having trouble breathing, should I get an X-ray?
I have a sore throat and a cough, what should I do?
I have a fever and my body is weak, should I rest?
My head feels heavy and I feel nauseous.
My cough hasn't gone away and my chest has started hurting, is this pneumonia?
What is good to eat to reduce fatigue, doctor?
Is there any medicine to cure joint pain?
I have a rash on my body, is it okay to apply anti-fungal cream for it?
What should I do to stop the bleeding, please tell me immediately.
My stomach is upset and I'm vomiting, is this food poisoning?
What should I pay attention to in my diet when I have a fever?
If my headache doesn't go away, which test should I get?
The cough medicine didn't work, what to do now?
Resting didn't help with the fatigue, is this a symptom of another disease?
What are some home remedies to reduce joint pain?
I'll send a photo of the rash on my skin, please look and tell me the medicine.
Are there any home remedies to stop bleeding?
What foods should I avoid after having a stomach ache and vomiting?
Please teach me how to measure a fever.
What shouldn't you do when you have a headache?
What food should you avoid when you have a cough?
What's good to do when you're feeling tired?
What shouldn't you do when your joints hurt?
What shouldn't you apply when you have a rash on your body?
What shouldn't you do when you're bleeding?
What shouldn't you do when you have a stomach ache?
What do you eat when you have a fever?
What helps when you feel nauseous?
Which medicine is good for headaches?
Doctor, what's a home remedy for a cough?
Which vitamin should I take if I feel tired?
What to apply to reduce joint pain?
Which soap to use if rashes appear on the body?
What's a home remedy to stop bleeding?
What food should you avoid if you have a stomach ache and are vomiting?
What to do if you have a fever and a headache at the same time?
What to do if you have a cough and feel tired at the same time?
To avoid diarrhea, only drink boiled water, it reduces the risk of cholera.
If your eyes look yellow, go to the hospital immediately, it could be a sign of hepatitis.
If you have itchy skin, pay attention to hygiene, it could be ringworm.
If you have a cold, rest, wear a mask so you don't infect others, and avoid the risk of influenza.
Protect your feet from injury while working in the fields, there may be a risk of leptospirosis.
If a dog bites you, get a rabies shot immediately, it can be fatal.
If you see blood in your stool, see a doctor immediately, it could be dysentery.
If you have a persistent cough, get tested for tuberculosis, it can be cured if detected early.
Stay away from contact with wild animals, the risk of rabies may increase.
Playing or working in dirty water can cause leptospirosis infection, be careful.
Keep food and water clean to avoid typhoid.
If you have diarrhea and vomiting, seek medical advice immediately, cholera can weaken you.
Get vaccinated to prevent hepatitis A, it helps protect you from the disease.
If you see symptoms of meningitis, go to the hospital immediately, it can be dangerous if delayed.
Wash your hands regularly to avoid seasonal flu, and wear a mask in crowded places.
If you suspect leptospirosis, get tested immediately, timely treatment prevents complications.
Be careful to avoid being bitten by a rabid animal, and vaccinate your pets.
If you have an upset stomach, avoid eating too much oily and spicy food, it can cause diarrhea.
Keep water sources clean, you can avoid diseases like cholera.
Stay away from unprotected sex, there is a risk of transmitting hepatitis B and C.
Protect your children from meningitis by vaccinating them on time.
If you have a cold, rest at home, prevent it from spreading to others, and prevent the spread of influenza.
If you see symptoms of leptospirosis, get doctor's advice right away, it can be deadly.
If your skin is itchy or you have rashes, go to the doctor right away, it could be ringworm.
To avoid rabies, vaccinate your dog regularly.
Eat food that is cooked well, it reduces the risk of typhoid.
To avoid cholera, pay attention to personal hygiene, and purify your drinking water.
To avoid hepatitis, use disposable syringes, and get safe blood transfusions.
To avoid meningitis, keep your surrounding environment clean.
To avoid the flu, eat foods rich in Vitamin C, and get enough rest.
To avoid leptospirosis, wear protective clothing when working in the fields.
If you suspect rabies, get treatment right away, this disease might not be curable.
If your stool is hard, drink plenty of water, and eat fiber-rich foods, avoid constipation.
Don't go to places where cholera has spread, and if you have to go, take precautions.
Stay away from contact with people who have hepatitis, and get vaccinated.
To avoid a meningitis epidemic, spread public awareness in the community.
If you see symptoms of the flu, rest at home, and be careful not to infect others.
To avoid leptospirosis, stay away from contact with infected animals.
If you have a wound on your skin, wash it with clean water right away, and protect it from infection, prevent ringworm.
If a rabid dog bites you, wash the wound with soap and water right away, and go to the doctor.
To avoid typhoid, don't eat stale food, and always eat fresh food.
To avoid cholera, use the toilet, and don't defecate in the open.
To avoid Hepatitis B and C, don't share needles and practice safe sex.
Get vaccinated regularly, especially kids, to prevent meningitis.
If you have flu symptoms, take antiviral medicine as your doctor advises.
Wear gloves and boots when working in the fields to avoid leptospirosis.
Participate in community dog management programs to prevent rabies.
If you have stomach pain and frequent diarrhea, go to the hospital immediately, diarrhea can cause dehydration.
Burns from electric shock in the lab are a bit different than fire burns, they can cause deeper tissue damage.
Take snakebite victims to the hospital immediately, it's more important than trying herbal remedies at home.
In the village, if there's a heart attack, calling an ambulance is better for quick treatment than searching for a hospital.
Taking a poisoned patient to the hospital is safer than doing home remedies.
During floods, it's wiser for someone who knows how to swim to try to save a drowning person, rather than someone who doesn't risking it.
Chemical burns in the lab can be more dangerous than burns from household chores.
Before touching someone who's been electrocuted, turn off the main switch, it's safer than touching them directly.
Treating a fractured bone at home without taking them to the hospital is creating more risk.
If you suspect a heart attack, it's best to go to the hospital immediately rather than resting at home.
Treating paralyzed patients as soon as possible increases the chances of recovery.
It's much better to be careful when working in the lab than to regret it after an accident.
If children ingest poison, take them to the hospital immediately, it's safer than using home methods.
Giving artificial respiration to someone who is unconscious from electric shock is more important than just leaving them there.
Immediately cool a burn victim with cold water, it's much more beneficial than applying oil.
Using safety gear while working in the lab is safer than being careless.
Taking a stroke patient to the hospital ASAP is better than letting them rest at home.
Giving first aid to injured accident victims is important until you get to the hospital.
Making a snakebite victim mentally strong is more important than letting them panic.
Making a poisoned patient vomit might be necessary until you get to the hospital.
Touching an electrocuted patient with water can be more dangerous than keeping them dry.
Putting ice on a burn gives more relief than washing it with hot water.
Giving pain medicine to a patient with a broken bone is more comfortable than enduring the pain.
Giving oxygen to a patient with anaphylaxis is more beneficial than keeping them in normal air.
Encouraging a stroke patient to speak is better than letting them sit depressed.
Following safety rules while working in the lab is safer than causing an accident.
Relying on traditional healers for a snakebite victim can be fatal than taking them to the hospital on time.
Giving home remedies to a poisoned patient can be riskier than taking them to the hospital immediately.
Keeping an electrocuted patient away from the nearby pole is safer than trying to touch them.
Covering a burned patient with a clean cloth is better than leaving it exposed.
Keeping a patient with a broken bone still is more important than shaking them.
Laying an anaphylaxis patient flat is more comfortable than making them lie face down.
Letting a person suspected of having a heart attack rest is more beneficial than letting them walk a lot.
Taking a stroke patient to a stroke unit ASAP is better than keeping them in a general hospital.
Taking safety training while working in the lab is more important than working unsafely.
For snake bite patients, injecting anti-venom is more scientific than doing home remedies.
For patients who have consumed poison, it's safer not to give any medicine without a doctor's advice.
It's better to clean an electric shock area with cold water than to apply ointment.
For a patient with a broken bone, applying ice is more appropriate than applying hot water.
For a patient with anaphylaxis, using an oxygen mask is more effective than just giving oxygen through the nose.
To avoid a heart attack, adopting a healthy lifestyle is more important than just taking medicine.
To avoid a stroke, controlling blood pressure is more necessary than ignoring it.
Protecting the skin of a burn patient from the sun is more important than leaving it exposed.
To reduce joint pain in elderly people after a flood, Ayurvedic medicine might be more effective than allopathic.
For the common problem of weakened eyesight in old age, regular eye exercises might be more useful than expensive glasses.
To reduce chronic pain in elderly people in villages, regular physical exercise is important, not just medicine.
For back problems in elderly women in flood-affected areas, physiotherapy might be more effective than pain medication.
To reduce mental stress in elderly people after floods swept away their homes, family support is more important than medicine.
Since Ayurvedic medicine is easily available in villages, it might be a better option than allopathic for the health problems of elderly people.
It is easier to cure elderly people with home remedies in villages than in cities.
Mental problems increase in elderly people who have been displaced by floods, so psychosocial counseling is needed more than medicine.
For back pain problems in elderly people in villages, massage oil is more effective than pain relief ointment from the pharmacy.
To reduce joint pain in elderly people in flood-affected areas, applying hot water is safer than taking medicine.
For back problems in elderly people, doing regular yoga is more beneficial than taking medicine.
To reduce mental stress in elderly people after floods swept away their homes, family support helps more than medicine.
Medicines made from herbs found in villages are more effective than allopathic medicine for reducing joint pain.
Ayurvedic treatment might be safer than allopathic for back pain problems seen in old people.
After the flood washed away houses, psychosocial counseling can reduce depression in elderly people more than medicine.
Many mothers complain that their child's diarrhea hasn't stopped even after getting vaccinated.
There are complaints that children's growth and development are not good due to malnutrition.
The child's fever didn't go down even after giving fever medicine, what to do?
The child has become very weak from diarrhea, so we need to take them to the hospital immediately.
There are complaints that many children here don't have weight according to their age, why is that?
The child has had a cough for many days, and the inhaler hasn't really worked.
There are complaints that the child hasn't suckled breast milk properly since birth, is this normal?
Parents complain that the child's weight hasn't increased even with regular weight checks.
Many mothers come with complaints that their child is weak because of worms in their stomach.
There are complaints that it's difficult to get vaccinated on time because the vaccination site is always crowded.
There are complaints that the child has diarrhea and has vomited many times.
There are complaints that the problem of malnutrition is increasing in children here, how to control it?
There are complaints that the fever doesn't go away even after giving paracetamol to the child when they have a fever.
There are complaints that the child with diarrhea doesn't feel better even after giving Jeevan Jal.
There are complaints that the child's physical development is not according to their age, is it hereditary?
There are complaints that the child didn't get the care they needed immediately after birth.
There are complaints that problems arise when the child's regular growth is not monitored.
There's a complaint that the child feels uncomfortable after taking the deworming medicine.
There's a complaint that the health worker didn't give proper information when going for vaccination.
There's a complaint that the child refuses to eat after having diarrhea.
There are complaints that the child's bones have become weak due to malnutrition.
There's a complaint that the child's eyes have become red with fever.
I'm worried that the diarrhea has affected the child's liver.
There's a complaint that the child has contracted various diseases due to not receiving vaccines on time.
There's a complaint that the child has become dehydrated due to diarrhea.
There's a complaint that the child's lungs have become weak due to malnutrition.
There's a complaint that even pain relief medicine isn't helping the child when they have a fever.
There's a complaint that antibiotics aren't curing the child's diarrhea.
There's a complaint that the child's physical growth isn't happening properly, what to do?
There's a complaint that they haven't received information on how to care for a newborn.
There's a complaint that they haven't been able to monitor the child's growth regularly.
There's a complaint that there are many children who refuse to take deworming medicine.
There's a complaint that they have to stand in long lines when going for vaccination.
There's a complaint that they don't know what to feed a child with diarrhea at home.
There's a complaint that many children here are showing signs of malnutrition, so information about nutritious food should be provided.
There's a complaint that the child has become weak after having a fever, is this normal?
There's a complaint that it's difficult because the hospital is far away to take a child with diarrhea.
There's a complaint that the child couldn't get vaccinated on time, what to do now?
I'm worried because the child has severe diarrhea, what should I do?
There's a complaint that malnutrition has reduced the child's immunity.
There's a complaint that the medicine isn't working for the child with a fever.
There's a complaint that the child with diarrhea is having even more trouble due to dehydration.
Many mothers are complaining that they haven't been able to monitor their child's growth regularly.
There's a complaint about having trouble giving deworming medicine, the child refuses to take it, how to give it?
There's a complaint that the health worker didn't pay attention when going for vaccination.
There's a complaint about not knowing what to feed the child after diarrhea.
There's a complaint that the child has a high fever and is very uncomfortable, should I take them to the hospital?
There's a complaint that the child has a stomach ache due to malnutrition.
There's a complaint that home remedies aren't curing the child's diarrhea.
There's a complaint about not knowing that the child should be given deworming medicine regularly.
The number of women coming for regular check-ups during pregnancy has decreased significantly after Covid, how to increase it!
There is negligence in the health check-ups of both mother and child after delivery, how to improve this?
I am not able to provide enough information to the couples who come for family planning counseling, due to lack of time.
It is difficult to find pregnant women who have missed vaccinations, it's a problem because not everyone has contact on their mobile.
Due to Covid, women are afraid to come to the health post for safe delivery, how to reassure them?
Many mothers don't know about breastfeeding newborns, how to teach them!
There are not enough resources to provide information about nutritious food to pregnant women, what to do!
Ambulance is not always available to take pregnant women with complications to the hospital immediately, it's a problem.
Many women are having anemia problems during pregnancy, they don't want to take iron pills regularly.
Many women are having uterine prolapse after delivery, but they are shy to come to the health post.
Very few women are using temporary family planning methods, I wonder why?
Home delivery is still common in villages, how to stop this?
There is a lack of trained health workers to provide health counseling to pregnant women.
Some pregnant women ignore stomach pain as normal, which increases complications.
There is a need to provide information about hygiene to prevent infection during postpartum, but how to do it?
Some pregnant women are found to be smoking and drinking alcohol, how to control this?
Many mothers don't know the correct way to breastfeed, we are not able to give enough time to teach.
Pregnant women should be informed about locally available nutritious food to protect them from malnutrition.
Health camps need to be conducted to provide information about permanent family planning methods.
There is a transportation problem to bring women in labor to the health post, especially at night.
It is difficult to get an ambulance immediately when pregnant women with complications need to be referred to the hospital.
There are not enough equipment for maternity services at the health post, this has affected service delivery.
There is no program to provide mental health counseling to pregnant women, this is necessary.
Due to the Covid pandemic, it is becoming difficult to conduct regular programs at the health post.
There is not enough time to inform pregnant women about the risks during pregnancy.
Some women are using abortion as a means of family planning, how to stop this?
Health workers need to pay special attention to protect the mother and baby from infection after delivery, but there is a shortage of manpower.
There's no place for women to rest after giving birth at the health post, it needs to be managed.
There's no specific program to inform men about family planning, they should also be involved.
Some women are having unsafe abortions, we need to raise awareness to prevent this.
Women with high blood pressure during pregnancy need to be referred to the hospital, but it's hard to get them there on time.
Many women experience depression after giving birth, but it's hard to identify and counsel them.
We need to inform people about the side effects of using family planning methods, but many don't know.
Pregnant women need to be informed about the physical changes during pregnancy, but there's not enough time.
The equipment needed for safe delivery at the health post is broken and sitting idle, it needs to be repaired.
Pregnant women need to be informed about ways to reduce labor pain, but many are not informed.
Many women have problems with not producing breast milk after giving birth, what can be done to solve this?
People who have misconceptions about family planning need to be given correct information, but how?
The money given as encouragement to women who come to the health post for safe delivery is not available on time.
Health workers need more training to provide information about temporary family planning methods.
Pregnant women need to be informed about the problems that occur when the baby is growing in the womb, but there is not enough time.
It is difficult for health workers to reach every home to give the necessary vaccinations to mothers and babies after delivery on time.
There is a lack of budget to run health camps to provide information about permanent family planning methods.
Pregnant women need to be informed about hygiene to avoid infections during pregnancy, but how to give it?
The medicines needed for women who come to the health post for safe delivery are not always available, it's a problem in emergencies.
When driving the ambulance, I think physiotherapy is much safer than surgery for elderly patients with spinal problems.
The lab tests showed that allopathic medicine works faster than Ayurveda for my father's heart problem.
Giving immediate ICU care to accident injured patients is better than doing home remedies.
I've seen that chemotherapy is more painful than radiation therapy for cancer patients.
Looking at the lab report, the doctor said that antifungal medicine is more effective than paracetamol for this skin allergy.
While taking the patient in the ambulance, I realized that many in the village give less importance to oral rehydration than to Jeevan Jal.
Since I work in the lab, I know that regular exercise is more important than insulin injections for diabetic patients.
Many patients seek Ayurvedic treatment instead of dialysis, which is sometimes risky.
The doctor suggests that doing physiotherapy after surgery is more beneficial than resting at home.
As an ambulance driver, I know that brain stroke patients need immediate ICU care; home remedies don't work.
According to the lab report, it seems easier for high blood pressure patients to take antihypertensive medicine than to avoid salty foods.
Even with the option of surgery, many choose Ayurvedic treatment, which can be wrong.
Bringing him in the ambulance, the doctor said, this patient needs immediate dialysis; other treatments won't work.
A nurse working in the lab was saying, radiation therapy is less harmful than chemotherapy.
The doctor suggested, applying antifungal cream is better than home remedies for skin diseases.
The ambulance driver knows that giving ICU care to heart patients is better than letting them rest at home.
Working in the lab, I've seen that many patients give less importance to Jeevan Jal than to normal water.
The doctor says that there is a higher chance of recovery from physiotherapy than from surgery.
In the ambulance driver's experience, radiation therapy is less risky than chemotherapy in the treatment of brain tumors.
Looking at the report in the lab, the doctor said, it's easier to take antihypertensive medicine for high blood pressure than to change your lifestyle.
After Ayurvedic medicine didn't cure my father, we started allopathic treatment.
The doctor said, let's try physiotherapy before surgery, and if it doesn't improve, we'll do surgery.
The ambulance driver said, 'Still many people in the village don't understand the importance of oral rehydration, they prefer water over Jeevan Jal.
The lab technician said, 'It's better to try and keep your kidneys healthy than to get dialysis.
I heard radiation therapy is less painful than chemotherapy, but both are difficult.
After the antifungal medicine didn't cure the skin problem, the doctor prescribed another medicine.
Sharing his experience, the ambulance driver said, 'It would be better if the patient could be taken care of well at home instead of being in ICU care.
After looking at the lab report, the doctor suggested changing lifestyle before giving insulin.
It would be better if I could control my blood pressure naturally instead of taking antihypertensive medicine.
Before surgery, I'll try Ayurvedic treatment; if it doesn't work, surgery is always there.
The ambulance driver said, 'Physiotherapy is safer for patients with spine problems than surgery.
The lab staff said, 'Allopathic medicine works faster than Ayurveda for heart disease.
I know that giving ICU care to accident victims is better than home remedies.
Chemotherapy is much more expensive than radiation therapy for cancer patients.
The doctor's opinion is that antifungal medicine is more effective than paracetamol for this skin allergy.
Oral rehydration should be given more importance than Jeevan Jal because it contains more minerals.
It is much easier for diabetic patients to exercise regularly than to take insulin injections.
Many patients seek Ayurvedic treatment instead of dialysis, which may also be wrong.
Physiotherapy after surgery helps to recover faster than resting at home.
The ambulance driver said that a brain stroke patient needs ICU care, home remedies don't work.
It is harder for patients with high blood pressure to take antihypertensive medicine than to give up salty foods.
Even when there is an option for surgery, many choose Ayurvedic treatment because it is cheaper.
Dialysis is a better option than kidney transplant, but it's very expensive.
I heard radiation therapy is less harmful than chemotherapy, but both are painful.
Applying antifungal cream to skin disease heals faster than home remedies.
Giving ICU care to a heart patient is safer than letting them rest at home.
We should give more importance to Jeevan Jal than normal water, because it gives the body energy faster.
There's a lot of truth in what the doctor says, that there's a higher chance of recovery with physiotherapy than surgery.
Radiation therapy has fewer side effects than chemotherapy in the treatment of brain tumors.
Taking antihypertensive medicine for high blood pressure is easier than changing lifestyle, but changing lifestyle is very important.
Neglecting newborn care increases the risk of malnutrition, but regular vaccinations protect against many diseases.
Looking at this child's skin, it seems like it's from a vitamin supplement deficiency, but if it's ringworm, a different medicine should be given.
Giving Jeevan Jal to a child with diarrhea is as important as regular breastfeeding.
This medicine reduces stomach pain, but anti-diarrheal medicine can make the problem worse.
It is good to give paracetamol when a child has a fever, but giving antibiotics arbitrarily without a doctor's advice is harmful.
Malnutrition causes the child's muscles to weaken, so it is necessary to give protein-rich food.
If deworming medicine is not given on time, the child's growth may be stunted, so it should be given regularly.
Regular growth monitoring reveals the child's development status, but a one-time checkup may not reveal everything.
Underweight children need special nutrition, but overweight children need a balanced diet.
Keeping a newborn warm is as important as breastfeeding.
Vaccination on time is one way to prevent disease, but it does not guarantee 100% protection.
This medicine reduces fever, but it does not cure the disease.
When a child has diarrhea, giving jivan jal is as important as paying attention to hygiene.
Malnutrition affects a child's physical development as well as their mental development.
Regularly giving deworming medicine helps reduce stomach problems, but it doesn't solve all problems.
When monitoring a child's growth, weight and height should be according to age, but that's just one indicator, many other things make a difference.
A skinny child needs food with lots of calories, but a healthy child needs a balanced diet.
To protect a newborn from infection, it's important to pay attention to hygiene, but too much hygiene reduces immunity.
Getting vaccinated is one way to avoid getting sick, but it's not the only way.
When you have a fever, paracetamol gives immediate relief, but it doesn't help find the cause of the illness.
Anti-diarrheal medicine gives immediate relief, but it doesn't get to the root of the problem.
Malnutrition weakens a child's immunity, so you should pay attention to it on time.
Deworming medicine cleans the stomach, but to make a child healthy, they also need other nutrition.
Growth monitoring shows the rate of a child's development, but it doesn't determine the child's future.
Giving a skinny child a lot of food is good, but feeding too much at once can be harmful.
Putting a newborn in the sun is good for vitamin D, but too much sun can affect the skin.
Vaccines protect against disease, but sometimes there can be side effects.
Paracetamol may not be enough to reduce fever, sometimes other medicines are also needed.
Jivan jal protects a child with diarrhea from dehydration, but it doesn't cure the infection.
Malnutrition weakens a child's bones, so they should be given calcium-rich foods.
Deworming medicine kills the worms in the stomach, but it doesn't stop the child from being malnourished.
Growth monitoring gives information about a child's weight and height, but it doesn't tell about the child's talent and ability.
A skinny kid needs food that gives them strength, but an overweight kid needs balanced food with less calories.
It's good to breastfeed newborns regularly, but if the mother has any health problems, you should use alternative methods.
Getting vaccinated is important, but consulting a doctor before getting vaccinated is even more important.
Resting is as important as drinking plenty of fluids when you have a fever.
Giving Jeevan Jal to a child with diarrhea is as important as paying attention to hygiene.
Malnutrition weakens a child's teeth, so fluoride toothpaste should be used.
Deworming medicine kills worms, but it doesn't improve a child's diet.
Regular growth monitoring gives information about a child's development, but it's not the final result.
A skinny child needs protein-rich food, but too much protein can cause other problems.
Taking care of a newborn is the responsibility of both mother and father, but often it's only given to the mother.
Getting vaccinated is one way to avoid disease, but it's not the only way.
It's good to do home remedies when you have a fever, but taking medicine without a doctor's advice can be harmful.
Resting is as important as getting treatment on time when you have diarrhea.
Malnutrition makes a child's skin dry, so moisturizer should be used.
Deworming medicine kills worms, but it doesn't provide the child with the necessary nutrients.
Regular growth monitoring gives information about a child's health, but it's not everything.
A skinny child needs a lot of calories, but those calories should come from healthy food.
It's important to keep newborns clean, but too much cleaning can weaken their immunity.
It's normal to have a fever after getting this vaccine, but if it lasts for many days, it can be dangerous.
Giving Jeevan Jal to a child with diarrhea is as important as paying attention to hygiene.
You should pay as much attention to the mother's health as you do to the newborn baby's care.
The lack of mental development caused by malnutrition can be even more deadly than physical weakness.
It's as important to monitor a child's growth by weighing them regularly as it is to inform the mother about nutritious food.
The child is getting skinnier even though he eats well, probably because of worms in his stomach, so it's essential to give him deworming medicine.
Stunting problems in children can be solved faster than wasting problems.
This year's vaccination program seems more organized than last year's.
Giving paracetamol when there is a fever is good, but giving it randomly without a doctor's advice can be harmful.
Home remedies for diarrhea are more readily available in villages than in health facilities.
It is as important to have regular health check-ups to protect the child from wasting as it is for the mother to pay attention to her diet.
Getting vaccinated is easier in the city than in the village.
The more a newborn is breastfed, the more their ability to fight disease increases.
Before, a fever would get better with home remedies, but now we have to take them to the hospital.
Child growth monitoring is done well here, but it's not as good in other health posts.
Giving deworming medicine to children is as important as paying attention to cleanliness.
The more delay in treating wasting, the more difficult it becomes.
It's easier to get this vaccine now than it used to be.
You shouldn't be as careless about fever now as you were before.
Giving Jeevan Jal during diarrhea is as important as giving the child plenty of fluids.
As much attention as is given to the care of the newborn, the same amount of attention should be given to the mother's rest.
Malnutrition is more visible in villages than in cities.
It's as important to make parents aware as it is to monitor a child's growth.
There's more information about deworming medicine than other medicines.
Treating stunting is more complex than treating wasting.
Vaccination doesn't cost as much as it does in private hospitals.
Paracetamol is more effective for fever than home remedies.
ORS is more beneficial for diarrhea than other medicines.
Keeping a newborn warm is as important as protecting them from infection.
There's more awareness about malnutrition in cities than in villages.
The more regularly a child's growth is monitored, the easier it is to identify problems.
There's more publicity about deworming medicine than other medicines.
You need more patience in treating wasting than other things.
This vaccine isn't as difficult now as it used to be.
You need more rest when you have a fever than at other times.
You need to be more careful when you have diarrhea than at other times.
Newborn babies need more love than others.
There's more lack of health awareness in villages than in cities.
Monitoring a child's growth is as important as parental support.
More information is given about deworming medicine than other health problems.
The sooner the treatment for wasting starts, the better.
This vaccine is more effective than others.
You don't need to drink as much water normally as you do when you have a fever.
You don't need to focus on hygiene as much normally as you do when you have diarrhea.
You don't need to keep others as clean as you need to keep a newborn.
You don't find as much nutritious food in villages as you do in cities.
There isn't as much investment in other things as there is in monitoring child growth.
There is more information about deworming medicine than about other diseases.
The problem of thinness is as complex as it is not easily solved.
This vaccine is as safe as no other vaccine is.
Keep changing the dressing regularly until the wound heals; it is very important to avoid infection.
Keep the wound clean and apply medicine as advised by the doctor so that surgery is not needed.
If the wound is infected, come to the hospital immediately; we need to start treatment right away.
This wound is normal; it will heal if you take good care of it at home, but pay attention.
Diabetic patients should pay special attention to wounds because wounds take a long time to heal in them.
If you see an infection in the wound, consult a doctor immediately; do not ignore it.
To reduce the pain of the wound, apply warm water, but the water should not be too hot.
Protect the wound from the sun and dust; this helps it heal.
Understood? Clean the wound twice a day with lukewarm water and soap.
Get the wound checked regularly even after being discharged from the hospital.
The bandage covering the wound should always be clean to reduce the risk of infection.
If there is no improvement in the wound healing process, come to the hospital for further examination.
Keep pressure off the wound, especially if it's on your foot.
Putting honey on the wound is also good, but the honey has to be pure.
Don't exercise until the wound heals, just rest.
Don't wash the wound with cold water, use lukewarm water.
If you have any questions about the wound, don't hesitate to ask.
Even if this wound is small, complications can happen if you don't take good care of it.
Cover the wound with a bandage instead of leaving it open, it protects from infection.
A wound infection can cause problems with blood circulation, so get treatment on time.
If pus has collected in the wound, it needs to be cleaned.
Drink plenty of water to help the wound heal.
Don't smoke or drink alcohol until the wound heals.
To reduce wound pain, apply ice, but not directly on the skin.
Don't touch the wound unnecessarily, it increases the risk of infection.
If the wound doesn't heal after surgery, see a doctor immediately.
If you're late coming to the hospital, the infection can spread and cause a big problem.
It would have been good if they had informed us about the facilities here before calling the patient to the health camp.
It was very difficult to get the patient to the hospital because the ambulance service wasn't available on time.
Even after making a referral paper, the hospital refused to admit the patient, where should we go?
I heard there's health insurance here, but no one told me about it.
The government says free health service, but here everything costs money.
It's been a long time since I registered at the health camp, still haven't heard back.
I called the emergency helpline number, but no one picked up, what's the point of that number?
When I tried to get info about the telemedicine service, no one gave a clear answer.
The pharmacy ran out of antiretroviral, what to do now?
The checkup said I have a kidney problem, but the hospital refused to give a referral.
The doctor prescribed vitamin supplements, but it's too expensive to buy here.
I'm so annoyed with this stomach ache, but there's no stomach doctor at the health camp.
I went to the health camp for a tooth problem, but the treatment wasn't good.
Renewing health insurance is too complicated, it should be easier.
In the name of free healthcare, the hospital makes us do unnecessary tests.
I spent a lot of money on treatment, but the health insurance covered only a little.
I got my eyes checked at the health camp, but I have to go to the hospital again for glasses!
It's hard to get an ambulance in an emergency, it should be arranged immediately.
Telemedicine service is not effective, I'd be more satisfied if I could meet the doctor directly.
The government didn't provide enough information about free healthcare, many people don't know.
The patient's condition worsened because the hospital was late to give a referral.
Health insurance doesn't cover treatment for all diseases, only some, they say!
I went to the health camp and registered, but my turn hasn't come yet.
You have to wait a long time when you call the emergency helpline number.
The hospital couldn't provide antifungal medicine, I have to buy it outside.
I couldn't find the antibiotic the doctor prescribed, where should I look?
You have to wait a long time for treatment at health camps, it's hard to come leaving work.
Even with health insurance, the hospital makes excuses and refuses to provide service.
The patient's life was at risk because the hospital hesitated to give a referral.
The disease wasn't detected during the health camp checkup, now I have to go to the hospital again.
Couldn't talk properly in the telemedicine service because of internet problems.
Only common illnesses are treated at health camps, not complex problems.
I lost my health insurance papers, how do I get treatment now?
I got wrong information when I called the emergency helpline number, the problem wasn't solved.
It was difficult to get treatment because I didn't have money to buy medicine, I should get free medicine.
It was very difficult to get to the health camp because it was far from the village.
Even with a referral paper, the hospital turned me away saying there were no beds, what to do now?
There is no one to provide information about health insurance, you have to find everything yourself.
In the telemedicine service, the doctor prescribes medicine without examining properly.
Hospitals charge a lot of fees in the name of free health service.
I went to the health camp, but I felt like the doctor didn't check me properly.
When I called for an ambulance, they refused to come saying it was too far, what to do?
I took Ayurvedic medicine for my stomach problem, but it didn't get better, what to do now?
Health insurance is only available in the city, not in the village, what should we do?
I went to the health camp for a checkup, but they said it will take a long time for the report to come!
Even with a referral, it's hard to get a hospital bed; only those with connections get it.
When I called the emergency helpline, no one was available to help.
Talking to a doctor on telemedicine costs a lot; how can poor people afford it?
You have to wait all day in line at the hospital for free healthcare.
I went to the health camp, but couldn't get my eyes checked because there was no eye doctor.
When getting tested at the lab, inform them if you are allergic to any medicine, otherwise "anaphylaxis" can occur.
If you suspect a bone fracture from an accident, get an X-ray immediately.
If a child accidentally swallows poison, take them to the hospital immediately.
If someone gets an electric shock, immediately turn off the main switch and take the patient to the hospital.
When getting a blood test at the lab, ask if you need to come on an empty stomach, otherwise the report might be wrong.
If you have chest pain and feel like you're having a "heart attack," call an ambulance immediately.
If your child is drowning, start artificial respiration immediately.
Immediately pour cold water on the burned area and go to the hospital.
If you suspect someone is having a "stroke," take the patient to the nearest hospital immediately.
If you are troubled by stomach pain, get a lab test once; the problem will be identified.
A "fractured" leg should not be moved; it should be taken to the hospital immediately.
Provide accurate details when getting tested at the lab, so there are no errors in the report.
When giving blood at the lab, press firmly on the injection site so that it doesn't bleed.
Get a broken bone treated in time after an accident, otherwise it will be difficult to heal.
If you feel dizzy and think you're having a "stroke," go to the hospital immediately.
Before doing any tests in the lab, get information about it.
If a snake bites, tie a rope above the bite and take them to the hospital, but don't tie it too tight.
Keep burn wounds clean to avoid infection and get doctor's advice.
When going to pick up lab reports, check if your name and date of birth are correct.
If you don't like to take any medicine, tell the doctor.
If a child accidentally eats too much paracetamol, take them to the hospital immediately.
If you have high blood pressure, don't eat salty foods.
When getting a blood test at the lab, request to get the report quickly.
If you have diabetes, don't eat sweet foods.
A fracture might need a plaster cast for at least 6 weeks.
Take people injured by electric shock to the nearest hospital.
If a snake bites you, keep your spirits up, don't panic.
If you suspect a child has eaten poison, call the doctor immediately.
Don't put ice on burns, just put cold water.
Take stroke patients to the hospital as soon as possible.
To avoid anaphylaxis, don't eat foods you're allergic to.
To avoid a heart attack, don't smoke.
If a bone is fractured, you might need surgery.
If your stomach ache doesn't get better, see a doctor.
If you get an electric shock, go to the hospital immediately, otherwise it can affect internal organs.
If you have trouble swallowing medicine, tell the doctor.
If you need to be on an empty stomach when giving blood in the lab, eat a light dinner the night before.
Don't go to witch doctors for snake bite victims, take them to the hospital immediately.
Take your ID card with you when you go to the lab to pick up the report.
Advise patients with joint pain to adopt Ayurvedic treatment methods.
Suggest people with stomach ache problems to do home treatment with herbs found at home.
Take vitamin supplements regularly to avoid seasonal flu.
Take the patient who needs surgery to the hospital for further examination.
Patients with severe pneumonia may need immediate ICU service.
Give Jeevan Jal (oral rehydration) to children with diarrhea.
Cancer patients may need to have chemotherapy.
Advise TB patients to take antibiotic medicine regularly.
Suggest patients with skin infections to apply antifungal cream.
Physiotherapy can be helpful to reduce muscle pain.
Consult a doctor before taking Ayurvedic medicine.
Treat common colds and coughs at home using herbs available at home.
Leprosy patients need antiretroviral drugs.
Radiation therapy is also used in cancer treatment.
Patients with kidney failure may need to have dialysis.
A patient with a broken bone may need surgery.
Massage with Ayurvedic oil to reduce joint pain.
Use home remedies to solve stomach problems.
Take vitamin supplements to boost immunity.
Take the patient to a specialist doctor for further treatment.
Admit the patient to the ICU immediately in critical condition.
Give Jeevan Jal regularly to prevent dehydration.
Take doctor's advice to reduce the side effects of chemotherapy.
Use antibiotic medicine on time to avoid infection.
Apply antifungal medicine to reduce skin allergies.
Take the help of physiotherapy to reduce body aches.
Chronic diseases can be cured by Ayurvedic treatment.
Home remedies are effective for minor injuries.
Encourage HIV-infected people to take antiretroviral medicine.
Radiation therapy is used to kill cancer cells.
Help kidney function by getting dialysis done regularly.
Patients need rest after surgery.
Physiotherapy helps a lot to reduce pain.
Herbs found at home cure common diseases.
Vitamin supplements keep the body healthy.
Take them to the ICU immediately if you see a serious problem.
If you have diarrhea, drink Jeevan Jal (oral rehydration solution).
Chemotherapy kills cancer cells.
Antibiotics cure infections.
Antifungals reduce skin infections.
Taking Ayurvedic medicine is good for health.
Adopting home remedies is very beneficial.
Antiretroviral drugs control HIV.
Radiation therapy helps in cancer treatment.
Dialysis restores kidney function.
Surgery can cure diseases.
Physiotherapy strengthens muscles.
Take vitamin supplements to prevent vitamin deficiency in the body.
Patients are specially monitored in the ICU.
Ayurvedic treatment increases immunity.
Using medicine randomly when a child has a fever can negatively affect their health.
A child may get a fever after vaccination, but don't panic, it's normal.
If malnourished children have a fever, take them to a health facility immediately.
When you have diarrhea, don't let your body get dehydrated, drink Jeevan Jal.
Give children deworming medicine on time, otherwise it can hinder physical development.
Don't be careless in the care of newborns, even a small mistake can cause a big problem.
Get your child's growth monitored regularly, so problems can be identified early.
If your child has vomiting and fever together, take them to the doctor immediately.
A child might get a fever when teething, but there could be other reasons too, so pay attention.
Don't give dairy products to a child with diarrhea, it can make their stomach worse.
Don't give fever-reducing medicine randomly, it can affect the child's liver.
Take special care to protect newborns from infection, they have weak immunity.
If you miss a vaccination, the child is more likely to get various diseases, get it done on time.
If a child has joint pain and fever, rheumatism might be suspected, get it tested.
If a child has anemia, complications can increase when they have a fever, be careful.
When a child has a fever, wipe their body with lukewarm water, don't use very cold water.
Don't send a child with diarrhea to school until it's cured, it can spread to others.
If a child's tooth has cavities, take them to the dentist immediately, the pain can get worse.
Regularly put newborns in the sun, to prevent vitamin D deficiency.
Malnutrition can stop a child's growth, feed them nutritious food on time.
When a child has a fever, give them plenty of fluids, to prevent dehydration.
Before trying home remedies for a child with diarrhea, get advice from a doctor.
If a child's weight is low, take them to a nutrition rehabilitation center immediately.
Don't give a child antibiotics without a doctor's advice if they have a fever.
If a child is not vaccinated on time, they may get serious diseases in the future.
Give Jeevan Jal solution to a child with diarrhea to prevent dehydration.
Malnourished kids are more likely to get infections, so pay extra attention.
When your child has a fever, let them rest and don't make them play too much.
If you see blood in your child's pee, take them to the doctor right away, it could be a kidney problem.
If you don't give deworming medicine on time, your child might get stomachaches and be weak.
Don't give random medicines to newborns, it can have negative effects.
If you see a problem with your child's growth, contact a health worker right away.
To avoid diarrhea, only give your child clean water to drink.
When your child has a fever, give them liquid foods, solid foods might be hard to digest.
To protect your child from malnutrition, the mother should eat a balanced diet.
When a child has a fever, give them the right dose of paracetamol according to their weight.
To protect newborns from the cold, dress them in warm clothes.
If your child has a slight fever after getting vaccinated, don't worry, it's a normal reaction.
If your child has continuous diarrhea, take them to the hospital right away.
Malnutrition weakens a child's immunity, so pay special attention.
If your child is dehydrated, give them Jeevan Jal right away.
When your child has a fever, don't cover them with too many clothes, it can raise their body temperature.
If you don't give deworming medicine on time, worms can grow in your child's stomach.
Breastfeed newborns regularly, it increases their immunity.
If you see a problem with your child's growth, consult a nutritionist right away.
When your child has a fever, don't let them play outside, let them rest.
Only give clean and fresh food to a child with diarrhea.
Start feeding nutritious food to the child from an early age to prevent malnutrition.
Don't give any medicine to a child with a fever without consulting a doctor.
Teach children to wash their hands properly with soap and water when they have diarrhea.
Although taking iron tablets during pregnancy is beneficial for both mother and baby, some women may experience nausea.
Although using family planning methods is safe during postpartum, some women face problems due to lack of information about it.
Safe delivery in a hospital is much safer than at home, but many in our village still deliver at home.
Although breastfeeding is good for both mother and baby, some mothers have problems with insufficient milk production.
Regular health check-ups during pregnancy are essential for both mother and baby, but some women cannot afford them due to financial constraints.
Resting after childbirth is important, but some women don't get enough rest due to the burden of household chores.
Although using temporary family planning methods during the postpartum period is effective for contraception, it can sometimes cause hormonal changes.
Eating a balanced diet during pregnancy is important for the health of both mother and baby, but some women cannot get enough nutrition due to poverty.
It is common to have complications during pregnancy, but if left untreated, it can risk the lives of both mother and baby.
It is beneficial to take iron tablets after delivery as the mother's body is weak, but it can also cause constipation in some people.
High blood pressure during pregnancy can be dangerous for both mother and baby, so it is good to have regular blood pressure checks.
Breastfeeding strengthens the emotional bond between mother and baby, but some mothers may worry about low milk supply.
Stress during pregnancy is harmful to the health of both mother and baby, so try to stay happy.
Massaging after delivery is beneficial to return the uterus to its normal state, but it can also be harmful if done incorrectly.
Using permanent family planning methods is a good option for not having children in the future, but it is necessary to consult a doctor for this.
Regular exercise during pregnancy is good for health, but doing too strenuous exercise can be harmful.
It's important to focus on hygiene to avoid infection after giving birth, but some women face problems because they don't know about this.
Getting a fever during pregnancy is normal, but ignoring it can be dangerous for both mother and baby.
Mothers need more calories when breastfeeding, so they should eat enough nutritious food.
It's good to go to the health post for family planning info, but some people hesitate to go because of shame.
Anemia is common during pregnancy, but this problem can be reduced by taking iron tablets regularly.
Losing weight after giving birth is good, but losing too much weight can be harmful to the mother's health.
Using family planning methods can increase the gap between two children, but it can affect a woman's fertility.
Having diabetes during pregnancy can be risky for both mother and baby, so blood sugar should be checked regularly.
Breastfeeding provides the baby with all the necessary nutrients, but it is equally important for the mother to be healthy.
After giving birth, mothers need rest and enough nutrition, but some mothers become weak because the family doesn't care.
Using temporary family planning methods is easy, but it is important to have correct information about it.
Swollen feet are normal during pregnancy, but excessive swelling can be dangerous.
Breastfeeding increases the baby's immunity, but the mother should also take care of her health.
It is normal to have stomach pain after giving birth, but if it hurts a lot, you should see a doctor.
Using family planning methods can prevent unwanted pregnancies, but it does not protect against STDs.
Back pain is normal during pregnancy, but if it hurts a lot, you should do physiotherapy.
Breastfeeding consumes the mother's calories, which helps to lose weight. But adequate nutrition is necessary.
It is good to do physical exercise after giving birth, but it should be started only after consulting a doctor.
Women should know their bodies well when using family planning methods.
Doing yoga is beneficial to reduce stress during pregnancy, but it should be done under the supervision of a trainer.
Breastfeeding reduces the chance of baby having allergies, but mom needs to watch what she eats.
Drinking plenty of water after giving birth is good for health, but drinking too much at night isn't good.
You might see side effects when using family planning methods, but it's important to know about them.
It's normal to get constipated during pregnancy, but you can reduce it by eating fiber-rich foods.
Breastfeeding strengthens the bond between mom and baby, but some moms find it hard to manage time because of work.
Resting after giving birth is very important for mom, but it's hard to find time to rest because of housework.
It's safer to take advice from a health worker when using family planning, but it's hard to find some health workers in the village.
Dehydration is harmful during pregnancy, so drink plenty of water.
Baby gets all the necessary vitamins and minerals from breastfeeding, but mom's nutrition should also be good.
It's important for both mom and baby to have regular check-ups after giving birth, but some people ignore it.
It is safer to use modern family planning methods, but it is less available in rural areas.
The risk of high blood pressure can increase during pregnancy, but it can be controlled with regular check-ups.
Breastfeeding reduces the risk of depression in mothers, but family support is equally important.
Mothers need enough rest and nutrition after giving birth, but some families don't understand its importance.
If you have a fever, take paracetamol and rest.
If your headache doesn't get better, get it checked again.
Drinking ginger juice is helpful when you feel nauseous.
If you are vomiting, don't let your body get dehydrated.
If you have a cough, drink warm water mixed with honey.
If you feel tired, you should get enough rest.
If your body is swollen, reduce salt intake.
If you're bleeding, go to the hospital immediately.
If you have rashes, apply coconut oil to the itchy areas.
If you have difficulty breathing, give oxygen immediately.
If your vision is blurry, get your eyes checked.
If you have joint pain, apply warm compress.
If you have ear pain, don't put any medicine without consulting a doctor.
Drink enough water to reduce headache.
If the fever doesn't go down, you might need further testing.
Drink lemon water to stop nausea.
If there's too much vomiting, take them to the hospital immediately.
If the cough doesn't get better, you might need a chest X-ray.
If you feel tired, it could be iron deficiency, get a blood test.
If the body swelling doesn't go down, you should get a kidney test.
If the bleeding doesn't stop, take them to the emergency ward immediately.
Apply calamine lotion to reduce itching on the rash.
If you have difficulty breathing, use a nebulizer.
If your eye is red, see an eye doctor.
You can take a painkiller to reduce joint pain.
If you have an ear problem, get expert advice immediately.
You might need a CT scan to find the cause of the headache.
Keep your body hydrated when you have a fever.
Stay in a comfortable environment when you feel nauseous.
Don't eat oily and spicy food when you have a cough.
Take vitamin supplements to reduce fatigue.
Apply ice to the swollen area.
Apply pressure and elevate to stop the bleeding.
Get an allergy test to find out what's causing the rash.
Call an ambulance immediately if you have difficulty breathing.
Don't work on the computer for too long if your eyes hurt.
Do physiotherapy to reduce joint pain.
Keep your ears clean and stay away from loud noises.
See a neurologist if your headache doesn't get better.
Eat liquid foods when you have a fever.
Stay away from smelly places when you feel nauseous.
Eat light food after vomiting.
Take steam with hot water when you have a cough.
Don't eat salty food to reduce body swelling.
Wrap a clean cloth around the bleeding area.
Apply anti-histamine cream on the rash.
If you have difficulty breathing, use the inhaler the doctor gave you.
Take your high blood pressure medicine regularly, otherwise it can be even harder during COVID.
Diabetic patients especially shouldn't delay getting vaccinated, register your name immediately.
This vitamin supplement increases immunity, but don't take it without a doctor's advice.
Asthma patients should always keep their inhaler with them, it might be hard to find in pharmacies.
If you have a thyroid problem, take medicine regularly and get it checked when the doctor says.
To avoid heart disease, eat less oily and sweet food, instead eat plenty of fruits and vegetables.
Patients with kidney problems should drink plenty of water, but only in the amount prescribed by the doctor.
Cancer patients should consult their doctor once before getting vaccinated.
To control high blood pressure, reduce salt intake and exercise regularly.
Take diabetes medicine on time and pay attention to your diet.
If you have a liver problem, do not take any medicine without a doctor's advice.
If the thyroid problem worsens, see a doctor immediately.
To reduce joint pain, apply warm water and exercise regularly.
To avoid asthma problems, stay away from dust and smoke and wear a mask.
To avoid heart problems, reduce stress and do regular yoga.
Adopt home remedies instead of pain relievers.
To reduce depression, think positively and talk to friends.
Follow your doctor's advice during cancer treatment.
If COPD problems worsen, go to the hospital immediately.
When buying high blood pressure medicine from the pharmacy, check the expiry date.
For diabetes, don't eat sweet things and get regular blood tests.
To keep your liver healthy, don't drink alcohol.
Take thyroid medicine regularly and adjust the dose according to your doctor's advice.
Those with joint pain problems should not sit in the same position for too long.
If asthma gets worse, go to the hospital immediately and arrange for oxygen.
If your heart beats faster, inform the doctor immediately.
You can also take Ayurvedic treatment as an alternative to pain killers.
Consult your doctor before stopping depression medicine.
Drink plenty of water to avoid kidney stones.
Keep your spirits high during cancer treatment.
Take COPD medicine on time and go for regular follow-ups.
High blood pressure can also be checked regularly at the pharmacy.
Diabetic patients should protect their feet from injury.
Stay away from fatty foods to protect your liver.
To check thyroid, you need to give a blood sample.
Eat calcium-rich foods to strengthen bones and joints.
Do yoga to make breathing easier, it benefits asthma patients.
If you have chest pain, go to the hospital immediately, it could be a heart problem.
If you see side effects from pain killers, inform the doctor.
Do meditation to reduce mental stress, it reduces depression.
To keep your kidneys healthy, don't eat junk food.
To get information about cancer, different organizations help, contact them.
COPD patients should wear warm clothes to avoid the cold.
Make lifestyle changes to control high blood pressure.
Diabetes patients should control weight by exercising regularly.
Many children here have iron deficiency, mothers should pay attention.
Malnutrition affects children's brain development, so be aware.
We advise pregnant women to take iron tablets regularly.
Diseases caused by iodine deficiency are seen a lot in this village.
If children don't get enough protein, their physical growth won't be good.
Vitamin deficiency is seen in many people due to not paying attention to a balanced diet.
Nowadays, the problem of obesity is increasing in many people.
We are distributing more nutritious food to malnourished children.
Vitamin deficiency can cause problems with skin and hair.
Protein-rich food at this age strengthens muscles.
Iodine deficiency can lead to thyroid problems.
Iron deficiency in children can cause anemia.
In the absence of a balanced diet, the body becomes weak and the risk of disease also increases.
It is important to understand that obesity increases the risk of heart disease.
Lack of protein can stunt body growth and weaken the immune system.
More nutritious food helps solve the problem of malnutrition.
Vitamin deficiency can also affect the nervous system.
Iron tablets help increase the amount of iron in the blood.
Iodine deficiency can cause goiter.
Malnutrition hinders the physical and mental development of children.
A balanced diet provides all the nutrients the body needs.
To avoid obesity, you should pay attention to regular exercise and healthy eating.
Protein deficiency causes weakness and fatigue in the body.
Supplementary nutritious food distribution programs are being conducted regularly.
Vitamin deficiency can weaken eyesight.
Iron deficiency also affects memory.
Using iodized salt can prevent iodine deficiency.
Due to malnutrition, many children are deprived of going to school.
The amount of fruits and vegetables in a balanced diet should be increased.
To control obesity, you should eat less sugary food.
Protein helps build and repair the body's cells.
Supplementary nutritious food benefits both pregnant women and infants.
Vitamin deficiency can weaken bones.
Iron deficiency causes problems such as pale skin and difficulty breathing.
Iodine deficiency negatively affects a child's brain development.
Malnutrition weakens the immune system and increases the risk of infection.
A balanced diet gives the body energy and keeps you active all day.
To reduce obesity, you should exercise for at least 30 minutes daily.
You should eat protein-rich foods like beans, fish, and eggs.
Under the supplementary nutrition program, we also provide nutrition education.
Vitamin deficiency causes weak and easily breakable nails.
Iron deficiency reduces work capacity and causes a lot of fatigue.
Iodine deficiency can also increase the risk of miscarriage.
Malnourished children should have regular health check-ups.
A balanced diet should have the right ratio of protein, carbohydrates, and fat.
To avoid obesity, you should not eat processed foods and junk food.
Protein deficiency causes wounds to take longer to heal.
Supplementary nutrition also helps keep older people healthy.
Vitamin deficiency causes problems like muscle pain and weakness.
Iron deficiency shows symptoms like headaches and dizziness.
Typhoid infection was seen a little more in the district hospital compared to cholera.
The effects of typhoid can be more serious in elderly patients compared to diarrhea.
Antifungal works on skin allergies, but not on measles.
It is important to check whether this fever is typhoid or influenza.
To reduce typhoid pain, antibiotics are more important than using painkillers.
Maybe because there are many typhoid patients in the hospital, it was difficult to get a bed, but cholera patients easily got a bed.
Typhoid made my stomach ache terribly, but it's hard to get relief like with normal pain.
The headache from typhoid fever is different than from the flu.
Antibiotics cure typhoid, but you don't get immediate relief like with a viral fever.
I felt like my bones were weak because of typhoid, but the doctor said there might be another reason.
Does this medicine reduce typhoid fever like it reduces high blood pressure?
Typhoid patients may need to stay in the hospital longer than cholera patients.
Compared to scrub typhus, it is a bit difficult to recognize the symptoms of typhoid.
Paying attention to cleanliness to prevent the spread of typhoid is more important than preventing pneumonia.
To strengthen a body weakened by typhoid, taking vitamins is better than taking painkillers to reduce pain.
Stomach problems in typhoid don't get cured immediately like in diarrhea.
Both typhoid and meningitis are dangerous, but meningitis is a life-threatening disease.
It is difficult to save a person with rabies, but typhoid can be cured if treated in time.
Other medicines don't work as well as antibiotics in the treatment of typhoid.
When you have typhoid, you get a fever and your body becomes weak, but you don't have a stuffy nose like with a cold.
Diarrhea medicine is easier to find than typhoid medicine.
Skin problems caused by typhoid are not itchy like ringworm.
This time, more hepatitis patients than typhoid patients have come to the hospital.
The typhoid vaccine is not mandatory like the cholera vaccine.
Getting your body back to normal after typhoid is harder than recovering from pneumonia.
The stomach pain from typhoid is way more uncomfortable than regular gastric issues.
Drinking oral rehydration solution during diarrhea is as important as taking medicine for typhoid.
Typhoid fever doesn't come on suddenly like dengue, it increases slowly.
Drinking boiled water to avoid typhoid is more important than avoiding diarrhea.
Eating calcium-rich foods to strengthen bones weakened by typhoid is better than taking painkillers.
Antibiotics don't work as well for other diseases as they do for typhoid.
This time, typhoid patients have less vomiting and diarrhea compared to last time.
Paying attention to personal hygiene to prevent the spread of typhoid is more important than avoiding the flu.
There's a shortage of beds in the hospital because there are more typhoid patients than cholera patients.
Taking paracetamol for fever is normal, but for typhoid, you have to take antibiotics.
There's an outbreak of diarrhea in this village, but the risk of typhoid is just as high.
The cost of treating typhoid can be higher than the cost of treating cholera.
Going to the hospital as soon as you see typhoid symptoms is much more important than staying home with a common cold.
This year, typhoid patients have increased, but the risk of rabies is just as high.
My stomach hurts because of typhoid, but painkillers aren't really helping.
Your body gets weak when you have typhoid fever, but there's less joint pain than with dengue.
Typhoid patients need to stay in the hospital longer than cholera patients.
Drinking clean water to avoid typhoid is more important than avoiding diarrhea.
You use antifungal cream for skin allergies, but you have to take antibiotics for typhoid.
The headache you get with typhoid fever is different than with a cold.
To make a body strong that's been weakened by typhoid, it's better to take vitamins than painkillers.
During pregnancy, you should take iron tablets regularly, it prevents anemia.
You should go to a health facility for a safe delivery, it can be risky at home.
Postnatal care is very important for the health of both mother and baby.
It's good for a couple to decide together about using family planning methods.
A pregnant woman needs to know which foods are good for her, you need to pay attention to maternal nutrition.
Only breastfeed a newborn for 6 months, nothing else is needed, breastfeeding is very important.
You should get training on how to manage complications in a pregnant woman with high blood pressure.
If you're late getting to the hospital after labor pains start, it can be dangerous for both mother and baby, get a safe delivery on time.
If a postpartum mother has a fever or bleeds a lot from the vagina, tell a health worker right away.
After a baby is born, the mother needs rest, the family should help.
If you see complications like stomach pain or bleeding during pregnancy, go to a health facility immediately.
When you get regular checkups during pregnancy, you know the health of both mother and baby.
If you feel very tired during pregnancy, you should rest and get doctor's advice.
You should pay special attention to cleanliness during postpartum, you can avoid infection.
You may need to take medicine to control high blood pressure during pregnancy.
Mothers are likely to get depression after delivery, the family should pay special attention.
If you have diabetes during pregnancy, it can affect the baby, so you need to manage its complications.
All the necessary facilities are available in health facilities for safe delivery.
If you want to use temporary family planning methods, get counseling.
During pregnancy, take iron tablets regularly to prevent anemia.
After delivery, the mother needs good nutritious food, pay attention to maternal nutrition.
If there are any complications during labor, immediate referral should be arranged.
If you have a cough during pregnancy, do not take medicine without consulting a doctor.
A postpartum mother may need antibiotics to protect against infection.
If you have high blood pressure during pregnancy, it can affect your kidneys, get regular checkups.
If you have joint pain after delivery, consult a doctor before taking painkillers.
You shouldn't take too much medicine during pregnancy, but consult a doctor if necessary.
It is best to stay under the supervision of a health worker for a safe delivery.
Regular exercise during pregnancy keeps the body healthy.
Rest to avoid uterine prolapse after delivery.
Breastfeeding benefits both mother and baby.
I can help if you want information about permanent family planning methods.
If you have constipation during pregnancy, drink plenty of water.
Don't rush to lose weight after delivery, focus on maternal nutrition and eat a balanced diet.
Gestational diabetes should be identified early and complications managed.
Get help from a trained health worker for a safe delivery.
Not resting during postpartum can cause uterine problems.
Breastfeeding increases the baby's immunity.
If you have any problems using temporary family planning methods, contact immediately.
If you have stomach pain from iron tablets during pregnancy, tell the doctor.
After delivery, a mother's nutrition should be taken care of, because it affects the quality of breast milk.
To manage complications of high blood pressure during pregnancy, take medicine regularly.
Safe delivery is our first priority.
If you get pneumonia during pregnancy, it affects the lungs, get treatment immediately.
If you have burning urination after delivery, you may need to take antibiotics.
If you are dehydrated during pregnancy, it affects the kidneys, drink plenty of water.
After a safe delivery, counseling about family planning should be given.
ORS water gives a lot of relief to patients with diarrhea, but it's not that easy for patients with typhoid.
People are scared of cholera in the community, but if proper sanitation is followed, this scary disease can be avoided, as difficult as it is to avoid rabies.
Antiparasitic medicine is easily available at this community clinic, but it is difficult to get depression medicine as easily.
Paracetamol works for fever, but it is not so easy to reduce the pain of meningitis.
Currently, the outbreak of diarrhea in the villages has increased like cholera, but it can be controlled if preventive measures are taken.
Previously, many people used to get sick from diarrhea and vomiting in this place, now the risk of cholera has decreased by paying attention to cleanliness.
Hepatitis treatment takes a long time, a normal cold doesn't take that long to cure.
When bringing a patient to the hospital, leptospirosis patients may need treatment as quickly as others may not.
It is as important to get a rabies vaccine after a dog bite as it is not at other times.
A meningitis patient needs to be taken to the hospital as soon as possible, other patients may not need it that quickly.
The flu vaccine may provide more protection than other vaccines.
A diarrhea patient can lose more water than with other diseases.
Ringworm might not heal as easily as a simple wound.
Kids might get more itching from ringworm than other skin problems.
You might not need to focus on cleanliness as much for other diseases as you do to avoid cholera.
Typhoid fever lasts longer than a normal fever.
You might not need to be as careful about your diet for other diseases as you do to avoid hepatitis.
Leptospirosis patients might have more pain than with other diseases.
Rabies can be more difficult than other diseases.
Meningitis can have more serious effects than other diseases.
The flu can spread faster than other diseases.
You might get weaker from diarrhea than from other diseases.
Ringworm treatment can take longer than treatment for other skin diseases.
The cholera vaccine might provide more protection than other vaccines.
Typhoid testing might be more important than other tests.
Preventing hepatitis might be more important than preventing other diseases.
Leptospirosis treatment might be more complex than treatment for other diseases.
The rabies vaccine might be more effective than other vaccines.
The risk of meningitis might be higher than the risk of other diseases.
Flu symptoms might show up faster than symptoms of other diseases.
ORS is more important than other medicines in treating diarrhea.
Ringworm infection can happen so easily, other skin infections might not.
Cholera outbreaks can be so scary, other outbreaks might not be.
You need so much rest with typhoid fever, you might not need that much with other fevers.
Hepatitis patients need so much care, other patients might not need that much.
Leptospirosis tests are so expensive, other tests might not be that expensive.
Rabies treatment is so costly, other treatments might not be that costly.
The effects of meningitis can be so long-term, other diseases might not have such long-term effects.
The flu vaccine is so easily available, other vaccines might not be so easily available.
You have to be so careful with diarrhea prevention, you might not have to be that careful with preventing other diseases.
Home remedies for ringworm are so effective, home remedies for other skin diseases might not be that effective.
There's so much information about cholera, there might not be that much about other diseases.
There are so many misconceptions about typhoid, there might not be that many about other diseases.
You need so many restrictions during hepatitis treatment, you might not need that many during treatment for other diseases.
There's so little information about leptospirosis, there might not be that little about other diseases.
The risk of rabies is so high, the risk of other diseases might not be that high.
There's so much fear about meningitis, there might not be that much fear about other diseases.
People get the flu vaccine so much, they might not get other vaccines as much.
Diarrhea patients have so much back pain, you might not have that much with other diseases.
People are so scared during cholera outbreaks, they might not be as scared during typhoid.
The mother is very worried because her child has a fever even after getting vaccinated.
There's a complaint that the hospital doesn't have enough nutrition for malnourished kids.
There are complaints that there aren't enough staff to give information about newborn care.
The kid has diarrhea, but there's a complaint that the hospital doesn't have enough medicine.
Parents are complaining that their child's growth isn't being monitored regularly.
People who come for vaccination complain that they have to wait in line for too long.
I'm worried that my child isn't gaining weight according to their age, so maybe they're malnourished.
We have to come from far away to get regular vaccination services.
There's a complaint that the hospital doesn't have equipment to check children's eyes.
The vaccination place is dirty, so there's a fear of infection.
There's a complaint that there are no special checkups for a child's brain development here.
The child has a cough, but the hospital doesn't have enough medicine.
There's a complaint that the nurse didn't talk nicely when they came for vaccination.
There's a complaint that there's no one at the hospital to give advice about child nutrition.
There's a complaint that parents are scared to vaccinate because of misinformation about vaccines.
The hospital doesn't have the necessary equipment for a child's health checkup.
There's no immediate treatment available if a newborn gets an infection.
There's no system to provide information about the common side effects a child might have after vaccination.
There's a high risk of infection because there's too much crowding during vaccination times.
Vaccines to boost a child's immunity are not easily available here.
The child has a recurring fever problem, but the doctor didn't pay attention.
There aren't enough arrangements to keep newborns warm here.
There's no seating arrangement for parents who come for vaccinations.
It's a problem not getting enough information about vaccinations.
It's a problem because there's no transportation when coming for vaccinations.
Complaints have increased that the nurses here don't check sick children properly.
It's difficult to buy essential medicines for children here because they are expensive.
Many children coming here are showing malnutrition, and nothing is being done to prevent it.
Not enough precautions are taken in the hospital to protect children from infections.
The necessary vaccines for children are not always available here.
There's a complaint that there's no place to contact if a child has a problem after getting vaccinated.
Here, patients who come from far away have to be taken to the lab for blood tests.
It's good to use home remedies to reduce the pain of this injury.
Ayurvedic medicine is also available at the health post, get it checked once.
Patients who need complex surgery should be referred to a well-equipped hospital.
This problem will be cured if you do physiotherapy regularly.
Patients with high blood pressure need to be taken to the hospital for further treatment.
If you have frequent headaches, you may need a brain checkup.
To reduce toothache, oil can be applied at home.
I advise asthma patients to use an inhaler regularly.
Chemotherapy may be needed to cure this disease.
Radiation therapy is also used in cancer treatment.
Diabetic patients should take allopathic medicine regularly.
There is also a Baidhya in the village who does Ayurvedic treatment.
If this infection doesn't heal, you might need to take antibiotics.
AIDS patients should take antiretroviral medicine regularly.
It's good to see a doctor once for an earache problem.
Looks like I need to do physiotherapy after the surgery.
Ask at the Ayurvedic medicine shop for this problem.
You can do home treatment with herbs found in the village.
If the medicine the doctor gave doesn't work, you might need to use antifungal medicine.
If there is a lack of blood in the body, you should take iron tablets.
Allopathic medicine is effective in treating this disease.
There was a problem because the dialysis machine in the hospital broke down.
Since he has cancer, he needs to have radiation therapy.
Radiotherapy might be necessary for this problem.
If the throat problem worsens, surgery might be needed.
The use of Ayurvedic medicine helps to cure the disease.
Another allopathic medicine should be given as an alternative to this medicine.
You need to do physiotherapy for a pinched nerve problem.
Antibiotics are needed to cure this infection.
AIDS patients have to take antiretroviral medicine regularly.
You should see a dentist for dental treatment.
Chemotherapy is needed to cure this disease.
Using an inhaler regularly reduces asthma problems.
You should see a neurologist for headaches.
You should eat nutritious food to increase the amount of blood in your body.
Patients who need surgery should be taken to the hospital immediately.
You should see an ENT specialist for ear problems.
Dialysis services should always be available in the hospital.
If home remedies don't work, you should go to the doctor immediately.
Taking antifungal medicine reduces skin infections.
Chemotherapy is very painful for cancer patients.
What do you think about using temporary family planning methods?
How can we inform women in rural areas about menstrual health?
What should be done to prevent cervical cancer, sister?
What kind of programs should we bring to prevent unsafe abortions?
Is it okay to use family planning methods even at this age?
What precautions should be taken to avoid STDs, Dad?
Can you give me information about where to find safe abortion services?
Where is infertility treated in Nepal, please tell me?
How is it appropriate to teach adolescent girls about menstruation?
Are there any side effects when using temporary family planning methods?
If I see symptoms of STDs, what should I do immediately, sister?
What can be done to provide safe abortion services in the village?
How can I prevent cervical cancer, please tell me?
What problems can occur when menstruation is irregular, mother?
Can you still get STDs even when using condoms?
Can you give me information about permanent family planning methods?
How long does it take to get a safe abortion, sister?
Why shouldn't we hesitate to get sexual and reproductive health services?
How to maintain hygiene during menstruation, please teach me?
What could be the cause of infertility, doctor?
Where can I find family planning methods, can you tell me?
Is safe abortion legally recognized?
How to avoid getting STDs, please tell me?
How to reduce stomach pain during menstruation, mother?
What are the symptoms of cervical cancer, please tell me?
What happens if you don't use family planning methods, sister?
Can you still get STDs even after getting old?
How does unsafe abortion affect a woman's health?
What to do if period stops, please tell me?
How expensive is infertility treatment, doctor?
Is it true that you gain weight when using family planning methods?
What to do if I suspect I have an STD, sister?
How is cervical cancer screening done, please show me?
What could be the reason for irregular periods, mother?
Is safe abortion service available for free or not?
In what situation should you not use family planning methods?
Is there a vaccine to prevent STDs?
How long does infertility treatment take, doctor?
How often should I change pads during menstruation, please tell me?
What kind of lifestyle should I adopt to prevent cervical cancer?
I'm scared to use family planning methods, what should I do?
Why is it difficult to talk openly about STDs, sister?
Where can I get information about safe abortion services?
Is it okay to exercise during menstruation, mother?
What is the success rate of infertility treatment, doctor?
Does using family planning methods cause headaches?
What are the effects of having an STD, please tell me?
What foods should I eat to prevent cervical cancer?
Sister, should I rest during my period or can I work?
Is safe abortion service kept confidential or not?
If there's some problem when checking a child's teeth, do we need to do an X-ray?
My daughter's tooth looks like it has a cavity, what medicine will the dentist give? Is antibiotics needed?
I'm so annoyed with this toothache, do I need a CT scan?
What kind of medicine is safe to use when treating teeth during pregnancy?
There are spots on my child's teeth, why could that be? Do I need to do a biopsy for this?
What should I do if my gums bleed during a dental checkup? Do I need a blood test?
My son's tooth is loose, should I pull it out or will it fall out on its own?
Is there any home remedy to reduce tooth pain or should I take medicine?
What kind of facilities are there for dental treatment here, is there X-ray available?
My child has a fever when teething, is this normal?
Is there a specialist doctor here for dental problems?
How much does dental treatment cost?
What food should I avoid after a dental checkup?
My teeth are very sensitive, even cold water hurts, what should I do?
My child's tooth has a cavity and has turned black, can it be cured?
Is there any way to reduce pain during dental treatment or should I take insulin?
Do I need to make an appointment for a dental checkup or can I come directly?
Does tooth problem affect the stomach?
What should I feed my child for good teeth development?
Is there any home remedy to reduce tooth pain or should I do a sputum test?
How long does teeth treatment take?
My teeth are yellow, how to make them white?
My gums are swollen and bleeding, is this normal?
Can you give me information about what to eat and what not to eat after dental treatment?
My mouth smells, is it because of a tooth problem or something else?
What things are checked during a dental examination?
What kind of brush should I use for tooth protection?
What kind of toothpaste should be used for children's teeth?
Do you have any special packages for dental problems here?
What precautions should be taken during dental treatment?
What should be done to reduce the pain when a baby gets teeth?
Does X-ray during dental treatment affect the baby?
My teeth are crooked, how long does it take to fix them?
Are there any side effects after dental treatment?
I have a headache because of tooth pain, what should I do? Should I do a CT scan?
What kind of anesthesia is used during dental treatment?
Is vitamin D needed for a child's teeth development?
I can't sleep because of tooth problems, what should I do?
What kind of infection risk is there during dental treatment? Is antibiotics needed?
Can I take ORS to reduce tooth pain?
What time does the dentist come here for dental treatment?
Should fluoride be applied to baby teeth?
Can I rinse with saline water to reduce tooth pain?
I have a cavity in my tooth, how much does it cost to fill it?
Is there insurance coverage here for dental treatment? Is insurance needed?
I have a problem with bleeding gums, is it because of pregnancy? Should I do a pregnancy test?
I don't feel like eating because of tooth pain, what should I do?
What kind of equipment is used during dental treatment?
What advice do you give for protecting baby teeth?
Which medicine is safe to reduce tooth pain, can I take antiparasitic?
I am always busy as an ambulance driver at the health camp because heart patients are increasing in the village.
I have to work day and night to take diabetic patients to the hospital.
Due to high blood pressure, many elderly people are forced to be brought to the health post.
In rural areas, there is a great need for an ambulance to get asthma patients to the hospital on time.
I was surprised to see the number of thyroid patients in the health camp.
Many people here are suffering from joint pain, they need to be taken for treatment.
I heard that many people are suffering from liver disease and want to go to the city for treatment.
Specialist doctors should come to the rural health post to counsel cancer patients.
A lot of people here are complaining about eye problems, it'll be fine if they get treatment on time.
Many patients were asking about vitamin supplements, the health workers should give information.
From what I understand, COPD patients in this area need oxygen.
If anyone in the village has kidney problems, they should be taken to the city immediately.
Patients are having problems because antifungal medicine is not easily available here.
Due to the lack of iron tablets, pregnant women have to be taken to the health post.
I saw that many senior citizens are suffering from arthritis pain.
Many of those who came to the health camp were found to have heart problems.
It is necessary to raise awareness to control high blood pressure in the village.
Asthma patients should be encouraged to take medication regularly.
There should be adequate facilities at the health post to test for thyroid.
Information about home remedies to reduce joint pain should be provided.
Special attention should be paid to diet to avoid liver disease.
Regular health check-ups should be done to reduce the risk of cancer.
Eye check-ups should be done from time to time for eye protection.
Information about the correct use of vitamin supplements should be provided.
COPD patients should be kept away from dust and smoke.
Drink plenty of water to avoid kidney problems.
A doctor's advice should be taken when using antifungal medicine.
Iron tablets are essential for pregnant women.
People with arthritis should be advised to do regular exercise.
Diabetic patients need to control their sugar intake.
From what I've heard, many people have heart problems after having a heart attack first.
Here, many people take diabetes lightly, but it can be very dangerous.
In health camps, people with high blood pressure are informed about medicines.
Being an ambulance driver, I know there are many asthma patients in the village.
People with thyroid problems are encouraged to take medicine regularly.
Ayurvedic treatment methods can also be effective in reducing joint pain.
To avoid liver disease, one should stay away from alcohol.
If you see symptoms of cancer, you should consult a doctor immediately.
To avoid eye problems, mobile use should be reduced.
Excessive use of vitamin supplements can have negative effects on health.
COPD patients should be protected from the cold.
People with kidney problems should eat a balanced amount of protein.
Patients should be informed about how to take antiretroviral drugs.
If a child gets an electric shock, immediately turn off the main switch and take them to the hospital.
As soon as you know someone has been bitten by a snake, tie a bandage above the bite and inform the health post.
If someone suddenly has a heart attack, call an ambulance immediately and start chest compressions.
If you suspect poisoning, contact the nearest health facility immediately.
Immediately pour cold water on the burn and cover it with a clean cloth.
If you suspect a bone fracture, keep the broken area still and take them to the hospital.
If someone has anaphylaxis, give them an epinephrine injection immediately and take them to the hospital.
If you suspect someone is having a stroke, call 114 immediately and take them to the hospital.
Give first aid immediately to someone injured in an accident and take them to the hospital.
If someone faints, check their breathing immediately and give artificial respiration if needed.
Keep the injured area clean and dress it regularly to prevent infection.
If someone has a severe allergy, give them allergy medicine immediately.
To avoid a heart attack, don't eat oily and unhealthy food.
If someone has had a cough for a long time, see a doctor immediately.
If someone has a high fever, give them fever-reducing medicine immediately.
If someone is having difficulty breathing, give them oxygen immediately.
If someone has diabetes, check their blood sugar regularly.
If someone has high blood pressure, check their blood pressure regularly.
If someone has cancer, start cancer treatment immediately.
If someone has a mental health problem, see a psychiatrist immediately.
If a child is bitten by a snake, take them to the health post immediately.
If a child is unconscious from electric shock, give artificial respiration immediately.
If a child has drunk poison, don't try to make them vomit and take them to the hospital immediately.
Put ice on the burn immediately and get doctor's advice.
Keep the fractured bone stable with a plaster cast.
If a child has anaphylaxis, give them an epinephrine injection right away.
Take a stroke patient to the hospital as soon as possible.
Take the injured from the accident to the nearest health post immediately.
If a patient is having a heart attack, start CPR immediately.
Be careful when going to the fields to avoid snake bites.
Check electrical wires properly to avoid electric shock.
Keep poisons in a safe place to avoid poisoning.
Be careful when swimming to avoid drowning.
Be careful when using fire to avoid fire.
Be careful when playing sports to avoid bone fractures.
Don't eat foods that cause allergies to avoid anaphylaxis.
Adopt a healthy lifestyle to avoid stroke.
Be careful when driving to avoid accidents.
Exercise regularly to avoid heart attack.
If someone seems to be having a stroke, contact the nearest health center immediately.
Touching a person who has been electrocuted can also electrocute you, so be careful.
Tie a tight bandage on the place where the snake bit, as soon as it bites.
When taking a poisoned person to the hospital, tell them what they ate.
If a child is drowning, pull them out of the water immediately.
Immediately rinse the burnt area with cold water and seek medical advice.
Take the person who got into the accident to the nearest hospital immediately, don't delay.
My asthma medicine is finished, what to do if I have breathing problems now?
Because we couldn't find an ambulance, we couldn't take the woman in labor to the hospital.
The ambulance has been broken for so long, no one fixes it.
Dental problems are generally more common in diabetic patients than in patients with high blood pressure.
As much attention as is given to treating tuberculosis, not as much attention is given to preventing malaria in the community.
The skin symptoms that appear during a dengue infection are different than in a COVID-19 infection.
Compared to typhoid, cholera is still a big health problem in rural areas.
Giving vitamin supplements to patients with liver disease is more beneficial than giving it to healthy people.
As important as lifestyle changes are to control high blood pressure, taking regular medicine is also necessary.
As important as it is for diabetic patients to manage their insulin dosage, regular exercise is also necessary.
Skin infections in the elderly are more difficult to heal quickly than in young people.
As effective as the cholera vaccine is, the typhoid vaccine may not be as effective.
Medicines used to treat malaria can sometimes cause skin problems like itching, which is less common with other medicines.
COVID-19 may affect the hearts of older people more than it affects young people.
As safe as paracetamol is for dengue fever, other pain relievers may not be as safe.
Stomach problems when taking tuberculosis medicine may be more common than when taking other medicines.
As important as it is for diabetic patients to take care of the skin on their feet, it is also necessary to get their eyes checked.
High blood pressure medicine can cause skin allergies, which is less common with other medicines.
As useful as vitamin supplements are to boost immunity in people with tuberculosis, it is also important to eat nutritious food.
Using mosquito nets to prevent malaria is as important as keeping your surroundings clean.
Resting is as important as drinking plenty of water when you have dengue.
The COVID-19 vaccine protects you from getting sick, but it also helps reduce complications if you do get sick.
Antibiotics are effective for treating typhoid, but resting is just as important.
Boiling water to avoid cholera is as important as cooking food properly.
Paying attention to cleanliness to avoid Hepatitis A is as important as getting vaccinated.
Taking precautions while working in the fields is as important as treating wounds immediately to reduce the risk of leptospirosis.
Wounds take longer to heal in diabetic patients than in healthy people.
Eating less salt to control high blood pressure is as important as managing stress.
Side effects on the skin from TB medication can be a bit stronger compared to other medications.
Having a fever is as common as having chills when you have malaria.
The risk of bleeding is higher in dengue than in COVID-19.
Wearing a mask was important during COVID-19, and maintaining social distance is still just as important now.
Cleanliness plays as big a role as medicine in treating typhoid.
The role of health workers is as important as community participation during a cholera outbreak.
The Hepatitis B vaccine is effective, but Hepatitis C treatment may not be as effective.
Treating leptospirosis on time is as important as identifying the disease.
Getting regular blood tests is as important as paying attention to your diet for diabetic patients.
High blood pressure medication can sometimes cause dry skin, which is less common with other medications.
Doctor's advice is as important as the patient's patience in treating tuberculosis.
Using insecticide nets to avoid malaria is as effective as not letting water collect around the house.
Resting is as important in dengue infection as taking medicine according to the doctor's advice.
Getting vaccinated to avoid COVID-19 is as important as paying attention to personal hygiene.
Eating liquid food is as important in the treatment of typhoid as getting complete rest.
Paying attention to personal hygiene to avoid cholera is as important as keeping the source of drinking water safe.
The vaccine given to avoid Hepatitis A is as safe as other vaccines may not be.
Wearing gloves while working in the fields to avoid the risk of leptospirosis is as important as paying attention to cleanliness.
Skin infections due to diabetes take time to heal, but regular medication makes it easier to control high blood pressure.
Giving vitamin supplements to asthma patients is as beneficial as it may not be for TB patients.
Antiparasitic medicine reduces stomach problems, but it can also cause skin allergies.
Shivering in malaria fever is as dangerous as bleeding in dengue fever.
COVID-19 seems to have affected more than hepatitis, but it is important to be careful.
Testing for typhoid is as easy as testing for leptospirosis may not be.
Dengue infection is seen more in cities than in villages compared to cholera.
People with thyroid problems are more likely to have a higher risk of high blood pressure than others.
As much as diabetic patients need regular checkups, thyroid patients also need it.
As much attention as you give to the treatment of TB, you should not neglect the treatment of thyroid.
Compared to malaria, the symptoms of thyroid disease are difficult to identify easily.
Thyroid problems gradually increase, unlike dengue fever which comes suddenly.
Even though it is not as scary as COVID-19, thyroid problems should be addressed in time.
Typhoid might get better faster, but thyroid treatment needs to be for a long time.
Thyroid might not kill you right away like cholera, but it can cause long-term problems.
The reasons for getting thyroid disease can be very different compared to hepatitis.
Thyroid isn't directly contagious like leptospirosis.
Just like insulin is important for controlling diabetes, thyroid medicine is also necessary.
Like blood pressure medicine, thyroid medicine should also be taken regularly.
Thyroid medicine might not have side effects like the antibiotics you take for TB.
Depression medicine can affect thyroid levels, so you should ask a doctor.
Thyroid problems might not cause as much pain as bone problems.
Skin changes from thyroid problems might not be like other skin diseases.
The effect of thyroid on the kidneys might be less than the effect of diabetes.
Blood pressure changes caused by thyroid might not be controlled by just blood pressure medicine.
Just like you get regular diabetes checkups, you should also get thyroid checkups from time to time.
Thyroid medicine isn't like an inhaler for asthma that gives immediate relief.
Just like high blood pressure can affect the heart, thyroid can also affect the heart.
The chance of gaining weight from thyroid problems is higher than with malaria.
Thyroid treatment can take much longer than typhoid treatment.
Thyroid testing isn't as easily available as COVID-19 testing.
There's no vaccine to prevent thyroid like there is for cholera, but you can get regular checkups.
Symptoms might not show up as quickly with thyroid as they do with dengue.
You have to be as careful with thyroid treatment as you have to be with TB treatment.
A diabetes patient shouldn't eat too much sweet, and a thyroid patient should be careful about iodine-rich foods.
You need a lot of cleanliness to avoid hepatitis, but maybe not as much for thyroid.
Leptospirosis treatment is complicated, but thyroid treatment might not be as complicated.
The tiredness from thyroid can be different than the tiredness from malaria.
Thyroid problems might be less deadly compared to high blood pressure.
Thyroid medicine can have side effects, just like diabetes medicine.
A depression patient needs psychosocial support, and a thyroid patient needs that too.
Thyroid problems can cause weaker bones, maybe more than TB.
Kidney patients have a hard time, but thyroid patients might not have it as hard.
Skin changes from thyroid might not be as serious as with hepatitis.
Blood tests for thyroid problems are done differently than for diabetes.
The medicine used for thyroid treatment might not be as strong as antibiotics.
Like high blood pressure patients, thyroid patients should also exercise regularly.
You use mosquito nets to avoid malaria, but you don't need special precautions like that for thyroid.
Like the typhoid vaccine, the thyroid vaccine might not give full protection.
Thyroid medicine might not be as easily available in pharmacies as COVID-19 medicine.
Thyroid doesn't spread from one person to another like cholera.
A dengue patient needs a lot of rest, and a thyroid patient needs that too.
Thyroid medicine, like TB medicine, sometimes has side effects.
Like diabetes patients, thyroid patients also need to pay attention to their diet.
Thyroid problems are more likely to cause hair loss than leptospirosis.
Thyroid treatment might not be as expensive as high blood pressure treatment.
Thyroid medicine can affect other medicines, just like it affects depression medicine.
You have to take TB medicine regularly, otherwise it's hard to get cured.
Bring malaria patients to the hospital immediately, don't delay.
The body is weak because of dengue, you need to rest.
Even after getting the Covid-19 vaccine, you need to be careful.
Diabetes patients need to control their sugar levels.
This medicine reduces stomach pain, but don't take it without doctor's advice.
This medicine reduces joint pain, but don't use it for a long time.
My father has high blood pressure, so he needs to take medicine regularly.
Diarrhea has spread in the village, there is a risk of a cholera outbreak.
Free medicine is available for TB patients in the hospital.
It is good to use mosquito nets to avoid malaria.
To avoid dengue, water should not be allowed to accumulate around the house.
If you see symptoms of Covid-19, get tested immediately.
If typhoid is not treated on time, serious problems can occur.
Diabetes patients should exercise regularly.
To avoid leptospirosis, you should not walk in dirty water.
This medicine reduces spinal pain.
Not taking high blood pressure medicine regularly increases the risk of heart attack.
To cure tuberculosis, you have to take medicine for 6 months.
You should rest even after taking malaria medicine.
If you suspect dengue, get a blood test immediately.
Wearing a mask is mandatory to avoid Covid-19.
Only drink boiled water during typhoid.
Get vaccinated to protect yourself from Hepatitis B.
Diabetic patients should not eat sweet foods.
To reduce the risk of leptospirosis, precautions should be taken while working in the fields.
This medicine is useful for reducing stomach problems.
My grandfather has had high blood pressure for many years.
Mosquito repellent should be sprayed to control malaria.
Dengue patients should be given plenty of liquid food.
Many people lost their lives in the Covid-19 pandemic.
Carelessness should not be done in the treatment of typhoid.
You should pay attention to your diet to avoid hepatitis.
Diabetic patients should have their blood sugar checked regularly.
Leptospirosis can affect the kidneys.
This medicine strengthens bones.
High blood pressure patients should eat less salt.
If you start TB medicine on time, it will be cured.
Malaria patients get chills and shiver.
If you have dengue fever, only take paracetamol.
Regular health check-ups after an earthquake are more important than before, because immunity may be weakened.
Running a health camp in the village is more effective than going to a hospital in the city, because it covers people who don't have access.
Paying attention to hand hygiene is a much safer option than buying and taking expensive medicine.
Boiling water and drinking it is cheaper and more effective than buying filtered water.
Hanging a mosquito net to control mosquitoes is better than using expensive mosquito repellent spray.
Getting tested for high blood pressure is wiser than treating heart disease after getting it.
Detecting cancer early through screening is more important to save lives than finding out late.
Getting your eyes checked once a year is better than wearing glasses after your eyesight weakens.
Getting vaccinated as an adult is much safer than going to the hospital after getting sick.
Exercising is more beneficial for joints than taking painkillers.
It is better to prevent disease with regular health check-ups than to detect it.
Getting checked at a health camp is much easier than paying expensive fees at a private clinic.
Washing hands with soap and water is more environmentally friendly than using sanitizer.
Boiling well water and drinking it is more beneficial for health than tap water.
Cleaning around the house to control mosquitoes is safer than spraying.
Getting regular blood pressure checks is much better than having a stroke from high blood pressure.
Cancer screening to find it early and treat it is more effective than treating it after it grows.
Getting regular eye checkups is smarter than losing your eyesight.
Getting a flu shot is way easier than being bedridden with the flu.
Doing yoga instead of taking painkillers is good for your back.
Prioritizing health checkups after an earthquake is more important than prioritizing other things.
Running health camps in villages is fairer than focusing health services only in cities.
Paying attention to hand hygiene is a better way than increasing the risk of infection.
Drinking purified water is safer than getting sick from drinking contaminated water.
Taking precautions to avoid mosquito bites is better than taking malaria medicine.
Getting your blood pressure checked regularly is an easier way than avoiding a heart attack.
Getting cancer screening is less expensive than treating cancer.
Reducing screen time to protect your eyes is better than wearing glasses.
Boosting your immunity is better than taking medicine after getting sick.
Using home remedies instead of painkillers is beneficial for health.
Continuing regular checkups during a disaster is more important than in normal times.
Getting consultation from specialist doctors in health camps is more effective than relying only on local health posts.
Developing the habit of washing hands before eating is a better way than taking medicine to avoid various diseases.
Keeping drinking water sources clean is more effective than searching for medicine to avoid waterborne diseases.
Not allowing water to collect around the house is more environmentally friendly than spraying mosquito repellent.
Getting your blood pressure checked regularly is wiser than avoiding the risks caused by high blood pressure.
Screening for cancer in the early stages is way more effective than treating it in the final stage.
Getting your eyes checked on time to identify problems is better than going blind.
Boosting immunity with vaccines is much safer than getting sick and then treating it.
Using natural remedies instead of pain meds is beneficial for your health in the long run.
Getting regular checkups to reduce post-earthquake stress is more important than ignoring mental health.
Organizing health camps in remote areas is more effective than only providing services in city hospitals.
Paying attention to personal hygiene is better than increasing the risk of infection in hospitals.
Testing drinking water is a safer option than drinking contaminated water.
Using biological methods to control mosquitoes is more environmentally friendly than using chemical pesticides.
Checking blood pressure regularly is a better way than ending up with a stroke.
Early detection and treatment of cancer is much better than regretting it for life.
Getting regular checkups to save your eyesight is a wiser decision than living in darkness.
Getting vaccinated to avoid getting sick is much easier than getting sick and looking for treatment.
Doing yoga and meditation to reduce pain is safer than excessive use of painkillers.
My father said he has a fever and his joints are aching.
After my mother got a fever, her joints are swollen.
My son's joints are hurting, can you give him some pain medicine?
Doctor, my wife has a fever and her body is also aching.
My daughter-in-law was feeling nauseous and her joints were also hurting, so I brought her to the hospital.
My grandson's joints were hurting and he was having trouble walking, so I brought him here.
My son-in-law has had a fever for three days, and his joints are also hurting.
My daughter has red rashes on her body and her joints are also hurting.
My father's joints have been hurting for a long time, I wish he could see a doctor.
My husband has a cough and his joints are also hurting badly.
My sister has a headache and her joints are also making cracking noises.
My brother's joints hurt so much that it's hard for him to walk, what should we do?
My sister can't go to school because of joint pain, is there any solution?
My son has difficulty sleeping at night because of joint pain.
My mother's joints are swollen, I wonder what the doctor will say?
My grandfather's joints hurt, so he needs a massage.
My granddaughter says she doesn't feel like playing because her joints hurt.
What could be the reason for joint pain after a fever, doctor?
I don't feel like working because of joint pain, is it because of fatigue?
My wife has difficulty doing housework because of joint pain.
My husband hasn't been able to go to the office because of joint pain.
I brought my son here after he couldn't walk because of joint pain.
I advised my daughter-in-law to rest because of joint pain.
My son-in-law says he doesn't want to go to the hospital because of joint pain.
My daughter says she didn't feel like doing her school homework because of joint pain.
My father's joints hurt, so I need to get him medicine.
My husband needs some pain medicine for his joint pain.
My sister has a lot of joint pain, what to do?
My brother's joint pain has increased, so I brought him to the hospital.
My sister says she doesn't feel like studying because of her joint pain.
My mother's joint is hurting, so she needs to see a doctor.
My grandfather's joint was hurting, so I advised him to rest.
I don't feel like working because of joint pain, I wish I could see a doctor.
My wife's joint is hurting, so she needs to rest.
My son's joint hurt so much he couldn't walk, so I brought him here for treatment.
My daughter-in-law has joint pain, so please give her some pain medicine.
It's difficult to take my son-in-law to the hospital because of his joint pain.
My sister has a lot of joint pain, so she needs to see a doctor.
My brother's joint pain has increased, so the doctor prescribed medicine.
My sister doesn't feel like studying because of her joint pain, is there any solution?
My grandfather's joint was hurting, so the doctor advised him to rest.
My granddaughter doesn't feel like playing because of her joint pain, she needs to see a doctor.
Maybe the joint pain is because of tiredness, will it be okay after resting?
I should take my grandfather to the health post for a regular checkup.
Is this water safe or not, I need to get it tested.
There is a discussion going on about organizing a health camp in the village.
You should always make it a habit to wash your hands with soap and water to keep them clean.
To control mosquitoes, water shouldn't be allowed to collect around the house.
Getting regular blood pressure checks is good for your health.
My sister doesn't want to go to the hospital for a cancer screening.
Does anyone know where the eye checkup camp is?
Since I'm having skin problems, I should see a doctor once.
I have regular stomach pain, I might need to get my liver checked.
Because of my smoking habit, I might have to get my lungs checked.
Since my asthma problem has increased, it would be good to get my heart checked.
I feel relaxed after taking the iron tablet.
I have a headache, can you give me some pain relief medicine?
Is HIV medicine available here or not?
Does this medicine reduce the itching problem on the skin?
You have to go to the health post to get adult vaccinations.
There's talk about having a women's health camp in the village.
It is very important to pay attention to hand hygiene.
Please teach me how to purify drinking water.
There are a lot of mosquitoes, so the risk of malaria has increased.
Get a health checkup at least once a year.
Is there a blood pressure checking machine here?
Can you give me information on where cancer screening is done?
I feel like my eyesight is getting weak, I should probably get it checked.
Do you have a cream to cure skin allergies?
What is good to eat for liver problems?
What should I do to avoid lung infection?
I feel like my heart is beating fast, what should I do?
For how many days should I take iron tablets?
What are the side effects of pain relievers?
You have to take ART medicine regularly, okay?
Do you have antifungal cream for skin infection?
Regular health check-ups make it easier to detect diseases.
When does the health post open for child vaccinations?
Drinking boiled water can prevent many diseases.
To avoid skin cancer, don't stay in the sun too much.
To keep the liver healthy, you should eat less oily food.
To avoid smoke and dust, you have to take care of your lungs.
Do regular exercise to avoid heart disease.
What to eat to avoid diseases caused by iron deficiency?
What could be an alternative to pain relievers?
Please give me more information about ART medicine.
What are some home remedies for skin allergies?
The rural municipality is organizing a health camp, you should go.
Drinking safe water is very important for health.
Get your blood pressure checked from time to time.
It is necessary to spread awareness about cancer.
Use mosquito nets to avoid mosquito bites.
Get information about how to use temporary family planning methods.
Conceiving at an older age can be dangerous for both mother and child.
Unwanted pregnancies can be avoided by using contraception.
Take psychosocial counseling services in the community to reduce post-earthquake stress.
If someone has suicidal thoughts, contact the helpline immediately.
If you see symptoms of depression, consult a psychiatrist.
If anxiety increases, practice deep breathing exercises.
Participate in community mental health programs and share your experiences.
To avoid drug addiction, stay in good company with friends.
If someone shows symptoms of schizophrenia, take them to a health facility immediately.
Do yoga and meditation regularly to reduce mental stress.
If the earthquake has caused bone injuries, see a doctor.
Do not neglect people with mental health problems, show love and sympathy.
If you are taking antidepressant medication, do not stop without consulting your doctor.
Develop positive thinking for better mental health.
Provide psychological counseling to those affected by the earthquake.
Take help from family and friends to get out of depression.
Spread awareness to prevent suicide.
Manage stress by working with a schedule.
Mental health services are available at the community clinic, get information.
Alcohol or other drug use has a negative impact on mental health.
Timely treatment of mental health can prevent major damage.
Adopt ways to calm your mind to reduce anxiety.
Engage in positive activities to strengthen the mind weakened by the earthquake.
If someone has a mental problem, listen to them sympathetically.
Regular exercise helps reduce stress and depression.
If you see symptoms of depression, don't hide it, see a doctor.
If you have suicidal thoughts, tell a close friend or family.
If anxiety increases, stay away from things that distract your mind.
Encourage people with schizophrenia to take their medication regularly.
Participate in informative programs related to mental health.
Go to a rehabilitation center to get rid of drug addiction.
Community health workers should go door-to-door to provide information about mental health.
Treat people with mental health problems with respect in society.
If you see side effects from antidepressant medicine, tell the doctor right away.
For better mental health, balanced diet and enough sleep are important.
The earthquake might have affected many people's livers, get regular checkups.
To reduce stress, do things you enjoy.
To prevent suicide, run awareness programs in every neighborhood.
Both counseling and medicine play important roles in treating depression.
If anxiety is affecting your daily life, get doctor's advice.
People with schizophrenia need family support and help.
To avoid drug addiction, adopt a positive lifestyle.
Mental health services should be easy and accessible in the community.
Follow doctor's instructions when taking antifungal medicine.
Spend time with family to be stress-free.
Depression can affect the kidneys, so be aware.
Don't make a person who attempted suicide feel alone.
Develop positive thinking to reduce anxiety.
What information about fluoride would be good to give to an old person who needs a tooth pulled?
My dad's gum disease is getting worse, which dental ointment would be good to use?
How much does fluoride ointment help prevent tooth decay for old people?
Is it okay to teach this mother how to clean teeth?
What kind of vitamin supplements should I give to keep teeth healthy?
Is it true that fluoride treatment makes teeth stronger?
I'm giving my father high blood pressure medicine, will it affect dental treatment?
Does using fluoride reduce teeth sensitivity or not?
Which medicine is appropriate to give to reduce this patient's toothache?
What to do if the wound doesn't heal after a tooth extraction?
What effect does too much fluoride have on teeth?
Does fluoride toothpaste kill tooth decay or not, sister?
What is appropriate to feed someone when it's hard to eat due to a toothache?
What should be done to prevent gum disease during pregnancy?
Does using fluoride affect pregnant women or not?
Can I teach this new mother how to clean her teeth?
Should the patient's blood pressure be checked before a tooth extraction?
Does fluoride affect heart health?
Can some side effects appear during fluoride treatment?
My father's tooth is shaking, is there any way to save it?
How to use fluoride to avoid tooth decay?
Does fluoride change the color of teeth?
How much fluoride toothpaste should be used for a child?
Is it okay to rinse with warm water to reduce toothache?
Does using fluoride help to whiten teeth or not?
How much does fluoride strengthen teeth?
How good is it to drink fluoridated water for your teeth?
What kind of toothbrush should I use for dental health?
How to solve the problem of bleeding gums?
What can I do at home to reduce tooth pain?
Does fluoride use cure gum disease?
If the toothache doesn't go away, which doctor should I see?
Does fluoride use cure tooth cavities?
How many times a day should I brush to protect my teeth?
How does fluoride use protect teeth from acid?
Is there any Ayurvedic medicine to reduce tooth pain?
Does fluoride use cause white spots on teeth?
Can a toothache cause a fever?
What kind of food should I eat to protect my teeth?
Does fluoride use strengthen the roots of teeth?
How does fluoride use protect teeth from infection?
What should I do to prevent gum disease?
What should I do if the toothache gets worse?
Does fluoride use increase the shine of teeth?
How long does fluoride use take to reduce tooth pain?
There's a lot of patients needing eye surgery in the emergency room, who should we call first?
Many people here have conjunctivitis, please pay attention to hygiene.
How many people who had cataract surgery at the camp had problems?
The old lady from Chaklabandi has increased glaucoma, we need to call the doctor immediately.
We have to refer the patient who came with blurred vision to the hospital.
The patient who just had surgery has an eye infection, we need to give medicine immediately.
Many people with low vision have come to this camp, what should we do?
The hospital doesn't have enough equipment for refractive error treatment, it seems we need to add more.
We need to distribute glasses to children with poor distance vision.
Many elderly people have come who have lost their sight due to cataracts.
There's a crowd of visitors for the patients who are resting after surgery.
We might have to refer the patient to Kathmandu for glaucoma surgery.
One patient got very anxious after having eye problems.
Patients who recovered after eye surgery happily returned home.
There are many people getting their eyes checked at this health camp.
We need to treat the patient who fell due to poor eyesight immediately.
The patient with an eye injury and bleeding needs to be taken to the hospital immediately.
It seems we need to take special precautions to prevent the spread of eye infections.
We should help those who have lost their sight due to lack of treatment.
We need to raise awareness to prevent blindness caused by glaucoma.
If treatment was given on time, this eyesight could have been recovered.
The patient who needs eye surgery should be taken to the operation theater.
We need to distribute medicine and glasses to those with eye problems.
Many of those who came to the camp have been found to have cataracts.
How do I comfort the patient who is restless with an eye problem?
Many people are suffering from eye infections in this place.
Patients who have returned home after eye surgery should be advised to rest.
Patients who have come for treatment of refractive error will need to be counseled.
Glaucoma patients should be encouraged to take their medication regularly.
The patient expressed great happiness after the successful cataract operation.
Patients with eye infections should be kept away from others.
Patients with low vision need special assistance.
The patient should be informed to be prepared for eye surgery.
Patients who come to the camp should be told how to avoid eye problems.
The patient who is about to run out of glaucoma medicine should be called immediately.
Elderly people who have lost their sight due to cataracts need special help.
After eye surgery, the patient needs to rest for a few days.
Students with refractive error problems have difficulty in reading and writing.
It is important to pay attention to cleanliness to avoid eye infections.
Since many patients who came to the camp have been found to have cataracts, surgery arrangements should be made.
The patient who came to the emergency room with an eye injury is in serious condition.
We must make every effort to save the patient who is about to lose eyesight due to glaucoma.
One patient even fainted after having eye problems.
Vision loss is increasing in this area, the cause must be found.
We are having problems due to the lack of necessary equipment for eye surgery.
The work of registering patients who need cataract surgery is underway.
Patients are returning disappointed because they cannot get glaucoma medicine.
Children with refractive error problems should be supported in school.
Immediate action must be taken to prevent the spread of eye infection.
Patients who come to the camp should be made to understand the importance of eye surgery.
Depression increases in old age due to loneliness, so spend time with family.
If you don't sleep well at night, get checked by a doctor, it could be due to anxiety.
If you see symptoms of depression, start treatment immediately, don't ignore it.
It is more difficult to take care of a child with diarrhea than with hepatitis.
The environment for caring for a TB patient needs to be different than for a malaria patient.
High blood pressure medicine should be taken regularly, not just occasionally like pain relievers.
You should rest a lot when you have dengue fever, you become weaker than with typhoid.
Diabetic patients should pay attention to sugary foods, they need to be more careful than fever patients.
Masks were mandatory during Corona, now it's not as strict as with typhoid.
To prevent the spread of cholera, attention should be paid to cleanliness, this is more important than in malaria.
Yoga is good for joint pain, but it might not be that effective for TB patients.
High blood pressure medicine sometimes causes dizziness, but it doesn't give instant relief like painkillers.
TB treatment takes a long time, it doesn't get cured quickly like dengue treatment.
Coronavirus affects old people a lot, but it doesn't affect young people as much as malaria.
Diabetes patients should exercise regularly, they need to pay more attention than high blood pressure patients.
To avoid cholera, you should drink boiled water, but to avoid dengue, you shouldn't let water collect, which is a bit different.
To check for hepatitis, you need a blood test, but you can't just find out by testing stool like with typhoid.
To control high blood pressure, you should eat less salt, to control diabetes, you should eat less sweets, both are different.
TB vaccine should be given to children, but it's not mandatory like the corona vaccine.
You should go to the hospital as soon as you see dengue symptoms, you shouldn't stay home like with typhoid.
Diabetes patients should stop eating sugar, high blood pressure patients should stop eating salt, but both diseases are different in nature.
To avoid malaria, you should use mosquito nets, to avoid cholera, you should drink clean water, but the causes of both diseases are different.
Hepatitis treatment can be expensive, it's not treated cheaply like typhoid.
During corona, you had to maintain social distance, but it's not as strict as visiting a TB patient.
High blood pressure patients should take medicine regularly, you can't just take it when it hurts like painkillers.
Malaria tests are quick, but TB tests take a long time.
The risk of dengue is higher in summer, it doesn't happen all year round like typhoid.
It's hard for diabetic patients for wounds to heal, it doesn't heal quickly like for high blood pressure patients.
To avoid cholera, you should pay attention to cleanliness, to avoid malaria, you should hang mosquito nets, both preventions are different.
Corona symptoms are like a cold, but they don't last as long as TB symptoms.
High blood pressure medicine sometimes makes you tired, but it doesn't give instant relief like pain medicine.
For TB treatment, you have to take medicine regularly, you can't just use home remedies like for dengue.
Coronavirus affects the lungs, but it doesn't affect the blood like malaria.
Diabetes patients shouldn't eat sweets, high blood pressure patients shouldn't eat salt, but their restrictions are different.
To prevent cholera from spreading, you have to be careful about food, it's more important than with malaria.
To check for hepatitis, you need a blood test, you can't just find out from a stool test like with typhoid.
Medicine for joint pain is different than pain medicine.
To avoid malaria, use a mosquito net, to avoid cholera, drink clean water, the causes of both diseases are different.
Diabetes patients should exercise regularly, not just sometimes like high blood pressure patients.
TB treatment takes a long time, it doesn't get cured quickly like corona treatment.
Malaria tests are quick, but hepatitis tests take a lot of time.
The risk of dengue is higher in the summer, not all year round like TB.
During corona, you had to maintain social distance, but it's not as strict as visiting dengue patients.
Corona symptoms are like a cold, but you don't know right away like with malaria symptoms.
To avoid dengue, don't let water collect, to avoid cholera, don't drink dirty water, which are different ways.
TB vaccine should be given to children, but it's not as widely available as the malaria vaccine.
High blood pressure medicine sometimes causes dizziness, it doesn't work as fast as pain medicine.
Diabetes patients should stop eating sugar, high blood pressure patients should stop eating salt, the nature of both diseases is different.
Hepatitis treatment can be expensive, but it's not as costly as corona treatment.
After surgery, pay special attention to cleanliness to prevent wound infection.
If you don't do physiotherapy regularly, the problem can come back, so do it on time.
When taking Ayurvedic medicine, you shouldn't take it randomly, it can have negative effects.
If you are careless with allopathic treatment, the disease can become more complicated.
ICU care can be very expensive, so identify and treat the disease in time.
If dialysis is not done regularly, there is a risk of death.
Chemotherapy can have many side effects, so be patient and follow your doctor's advice.
Home remedies may not always be effective, go to the hospital immediately for complex problems.
Patients with heart problems should not do heavy work, it can cause additional risks.
When taking blood thinners, avoid injuries, you may bleed a lot.
Don't take medicine randomly when you have a stomach ache, take it only after seeing a doctor.
Don't ignore dental problems, it can cause other diseases.
Don't be afraid if you need surgery, but find a good hospital and doctor.
Patients with high blood pressure should not eat too much salty food.
If diabetic patients do not control sugary foods, the problem may increase.
If patients with arthritis do not exercise regularly, joint pain may increase.
Thyroid medicine should be taken regularly, otherwise it can have serious health effects.
Don't ignore mental health problems, see a psychiatrist in time.
Pregnant women should not take any medicine without consulting a doctor.
Don't miss vaccinating your child, it protects against many diseases.
Elderly people should have regular health check-ups, it is easier to detect diseases.
Smoking and alcohol are bad for your health, stay away from them.
If you don't exercise regularly, your body's immunity decreases.
If you don't get enough sleep, you can get mental stress, so sleep on time.
Give your eyes a rest when working on the computer for a long time, otherwise you may have eye pain.
Listening to loud music can rupture your eardrums, so keep the volume down.
Drug use can even kill you, stay away from it.
Domestic violence should not be tolerated, immediately inform the police or the relevant authorities.
Keep your personal information safe to avoid cybercrime.
Excessive use of social media can affect your mental health, so balance its use.
Don't violate traffic rules, there could be an accident.
Don't touch live wires, it can be fatal.
Take safety measures when working at heights, you could fall and get injured.
If a poisonous insect or snake bites you, go to the hospital immediately.
Don't live in places at risk of floods and landslides, your life may be in danger.
When an earthquake strikes, go to an open space, it is not safe to stay inside the house.
Setting fire to forests is a crime, it causes great damage to the environment.
Doing physiotherapy in the wrong way can cause further damage to the body.
Take paracetamol and rest when you have a fever.
If your headache doesn't get better, see a doctor.
Drink ginger juice if you feel nauseous.
If you vomit, make sure you don't get dehydrated.
If you have a cough, drink warm water mixed with honey.
If you feel tired, get enough rest.
If you're bleeding, press it with a clean cloth.
If you see red spots on your skin, see a doctor right away.
If you have difficulty breathing, take them to the hospital immediately.
Since Dad has a kidney problem, get him checked regularly.
If you have a stomach ache, don't eat too much oily food.
If you have a bad headache, go to the nearest health post immediately.
If you feel like you have heart pain, call an ambulance right away.
Don't take painkillers without a doctor's advice.
Only take vitamin supplements on the advice of a doctor.
You must take AIDS medicine (antiretroviral) regularly, don't forget.
Diabetic patients should take insulin on time.
If you have a fever, rest at home, don't go to crowded places.
If you have a headache, don't use your mobile phone too much.
Use home remedies to stop vomiting.
If your cough doesn't get better, get an X-ray.
If you feel tired, drink plenty of water.
Don't massage the swollen area.
If the bleeding doesn't stop, go to the hospital immediately.
If you see spots on your skin, don't go in the sun.
If you have difficulty breathing, you should give oxygen.
If you have kidney problems, drink plenty of water.
If you see stomach problems, see a doctor.
Rest to reduce your headache.
If you have heart problems, take your medicine regularly.
Painkillers can also have side effects, be aware.
Vitamin supplements benefit the body.
AIDS medicine helps control the disease.
Insulin controls blood sugar.
When you have a headache, apply an ice pack.
After vomiting, drink water and prevent the body from dehydrating.
Avoid dust when you have a cough.
Don't work when you are tired.
Do not put pressure on the swollen area.
Bandage the area where the blood is flowing.
Apply cream to the area where spots appear on the skin.
If you have difficulty breathing, seek doctor's advice.
If you have fever, cough, and difficulty breathing, get a COVID-19 test immediately.
Lack of blood in the body can cause fatigue and weakness.
If your feet are swollen, eat less salty food.
If you have difficulty breathing due to asthma, go to the hospital immediately.
How effective is physiotherapy for curing joint pain without surgery?
For patients whose pressure is not controlled by medicine, should the dose of antihypertensive be increased or are there other options?
How much does physiotherapy help patients who need surgery?
Does Ayurvedic treatment completely cure this problem?
Does this medicine cause stomach upset? What things should I keep in mind while taking iron tablets?
What are some home remedies that can be done at home?
How long do I have to do dialysis for, doctor?
What kind of food is good to eat during chemotherapy?
Is there any Ayurvedic medicine for eye problems?
Should oxygen be given to pneumonia patients or is it okay to just stay home and take some hot water vapor?
Does high blood pressure medicine solve the problem of dizziness, or should I take other measures?
The doctor said I need surgery, but will it be cured by Ayurvedic treatment?
How much pain is there during physiotherapy?
Do these medicines have side effects or not? What effect does antiparasitic have?
Is it possible to get ICU-like facilities even when sleeping at home?
Doctor, is there any other treatment besides surgery?
How many times should I do physiotherapy to cure this disease?
Does allopathic medicine completely cure this disease?
What's a home remedy to reduce joint pain?
What kind of physiotherapy should be done for chest problems?
What to do if the operation is not successful?
How much does Ayurvedic treatment cost?
Do iron tablets cause constipation or not?
Can the patient be given oxygen at home, or do they need ICU?
How effective is chemotherapy in cancer treatment?
Does physiotherapy have a role in eye treatment?
What kind of physiotherapy should be done after the operation?
How quickly does Ayurvedic medicine cure?
The doctor said to have surgery, but I want to get cured with home remedies, what should I do?
Do all patients recover when treated in the ICU?
Is surgery the only option for this disease?
How long is a physiotherapy session?
How long does it take for Ayurvedic medicine to show its effect?
Does antibiotics cure this problem?
What can be done at home for eye problems?
How much does it cost to have an operation?
What to do if you don't get cured by Ayurvedic treatment?
How long should I take iron tablets for?
How many days do I have to stay in the ICU?
What should I do to avoid the side effects of chemotherapy?
Doctor, my heart is beating fast, will antihypertensive medicine work or do I need to do something else?
In this emergency situation after the earthquake, providing information about family planning methods is as important as getting safe abortion services.
In this difficult situation, being informed about the side effects is as important as taking antiretroviral medicine regularly.
Anemia during pregnancy affects both mother and child, so eating a balanced diet is as important as taking iron pills.
In this emergency ward, raising awareness about preventing STIs is as important as treating wound infections.
In this time after the earthquake, taking care of mental health is as important as paying attention to hygiene, otherwise you can get sick.
In adolescence, being informed about menstrual health is as important as breaking down misconceptions about it.
Calcium deficiency weakens bones, so doing regular exercise is as important as eating calcium-rich foods.
Taking high blood pressure medicine regularly is as important as making lifestyle changes.
It is harmful for diabetic patients to eat sweets, so doing regular exercise is as important as reducing sweets.
In this time after the earthquake, washing your hands thoroughly is as important as drinking boiled water.
Lack of hygiene during menstruation can cause infection, so keeping the vaginal area clean is as important as changing pads regularly.
Using temporary family planning methods is as effective as being informed about how to use them.
Due to the earthquake, many women have increased mental stress, so making them feel safe is as important as providing psychosocial counseling.
Unsafe abortion can have serious effects on a woman's health, so raising awareness about the use of family planning methods is as important as providing information about safe abortion services.
Talking openly about sexual health is as important as providing information about sexual abuse and harassment.
In this emergency situation, providing nutritious food to pregnant women is as important as getting them regular health check-ups.
Breastfeeding a newborn is important, but it's also important not to give them water until they are 6 months old.
In this time after the earthquake, paying attention to personal hygiene to avoid infection is important, and keeping the environment clean is also important.
Diabetes medicine is important to control blood sugar, but it's also important to adopt a healthy lifestyle.
Treating STDs early is important, but it's also important to prevent them from spreading to others.
It's important for pregnant women to take folic acid tablets, and it's also important to take iron tablets.
Providing counseling services to earthquake victims to relieve mental stress is important, and helping them return to normal life is also important.
Getting vaccinated in this pandemic is important, and wearing a mask and maintaining social distance is also important.
Giving adolescent girls correct information about menstruation is important, and teaching them about pad use and management is also important.
Providing safe abortion services is important, and promoting the use of contraceptives is also important.
Using condoms to prevent STIs is important, and it's also important for both partners to consent during sexual intercourse.
In this situation after the earthquake, there may be a shortage of drinking water, so boiling or filtering water is important, and storing water properly is also important.
Using family planning methods is important, and choosing the right method according to your health condition is also important.
Giving women information about reproductive health is important, and making men aware of this is also important.
Medicines should be available in this emergency situation, and it is also important to have information about the correct use of those medicines.
In this time after the earthquake, giving pregnant women iron and calcium tablets is important, and keeping them stress-free is also important.
Getting treatment as soon as you see symptoms of an STD is important, and informing your partner is also important.
Educating adolescent girls about sexual and reproductive health is important, and giving them information about their bodies is also important.
Vaccinating children is important, and providing information about the vaccine is also important.
Making women feel safe in this time after the earthquake is important, and making them self-reliant is also important.
Relieving women from menstrual problems in this emergency situation is important, and teaching them about hygiene is also important.
As important as it is to treat infertility, it's also important to prepare the couple mentally.
As important as it is to facilitate safe abortion services, it's also important to remove misconceptions about it.
As important as it is to take precautions to avoid STDs, it's also important to have information about it.
As important as it is to pay attention to hygiene during menstruation, it's also important to eat nutritious food.
As important as it is to promote the use of family planning methods, it's also important to raise public awareness about it.
As important as it is to provide necessary training to health workers in this emergency situation, it is also important to provide them with necessary materials.
As important as it is to identify mental health problems in this post-earthquake period, it is also important to provide them with psychosocial counseling.
As important as it is to provide information to avoid unsafe sex, it is also important to raise awareness to reduce the risk of STDs.
If the thyroid problem increases, joint pain problems can also appear.
Patients with high blood pressure should have regular thyroid checkups.
This medicine helps to balance the thyroid gland, but it can also increase blood pressure.
Skin changes due to thyroid should be identified in time.
Some medicines used in thyroid treatment can affect diabetic patients.
Due to increased thyroid, many people have had constipation problems.
In rural areas, complications can increase when thyroid problems are identified late.
If you have a thyroid problem, symptoms such as fever and diarrhea may appear, so get it checked immediately.
Tooth weakening problems can also occur due to thyroid.
It is necessary to consult a doctor before using painkillers in thyroid treatment.
I heard that if you have thyroid problems, the chances of getting tuberculosis also increase.
Caution should be taken when taking both thyroid and high blood pressure medication together.
Women with thyroid problems are more likely to have irregular periods.
Thyroid can also cause body aches and swollen joints.
Ayurvedic treatment can also be effective for thyroid problems.
People with thyroid problems may also have increased cholesterol levels.
Taking thyroid medication can also cause skin allergies.
Thyroid can also cause memory problems.
If you have thyroid problems, consult your doctor before using antiparasitic drugs.
People with thyroid problems may also experience irregular heartbeats.
It is good to get a diabetes test when checking your thyroid.
Regular exercise and yoga are very beneficial for thyroid problems.
People with thyroid problems should pay attention to the amount of iodine in their diet.
Thyroid can also cause weak bones.
People with thyroid problems may also have trouble sleeping.
Delaying treatment for thyroid problems can lead to other health problems.
Thyroid can also cause water retention in the body.
If you have thyroid problems, you should take the insulin prescribed by your doctor regularly.
People with thyroid problems may also be at increased risk of depression.
Thyroid can also cause hair loss.
People with thyroid problems should avoid the cold.
If you have thyroid problems, you should not take any medication without consulting a doctor.
Because of thyroid, you might also see problems like dry eyes.
People with thyroid problems should stay away from stress.
Because of thyroid, you might also see problems like weight loss or gain.
If you have thyroid problems, your food should have enough vitamins and minerals.
Because of thyroid, you might also see problems like a lump in the throat.
People with thyroid problems should drink water regularly.
Because of thyroid, you might also see problems like weak muscles.
People with thyroid problems should stay away from smoking and alcohol.
Because of thyroid, you might have problems with your digestive system. To avoid cholera, pay attention to hygiene.
People with thyroid problems should get enough rest. Let's use mosquito nets to control malaria.
Because of thyroid, you might also see problems like voice changes.
People with thyroid problems should get regular checkups. To avoid dengue, don't let water collect around the house.
Because of thyroid, you might also see problems like high blood pressure, so take your blood pressure medicine regularly.
People with thyroid problems should stay in regular contact with their doctor. Wear a mask to avoid Covid-19.
Because of thyroid, you might also see problems like feeling tired in the body. Drink clean water to avoid typhoid.
Because of thyroid, there is also a possibility of affecting the liver, so avoid the risk of hepatitis.
People with thyroid problems should make changes in their lifestyle. To avoid leptospirosis, don't walk in dirty water.
Because of thyroid, you might also see problems like back pain, so take doctor's advice from time to time.
To control diabetes, exercise regularly and pay attention to your diet.
If you have high blood pressure, eat less salty food.
Drink plenty of water to prevent kidney problems from getting worse.
To keep your liver healthy, don't drink alcohol.
Take your thyroid medicine regularly, don't forget.
Get physiotherapy to reduce arthritis pain.
If you have asthma, always keep an inhaler with you.
COPD patients should avoid dust and smoke.
To avoid heart disease, don't eat oily and fatty foods.
Get timely medical advice for cancer treatment.
If you have back pain, rest and apply warm water.
Eat protein-rich foods to strengthen muscles.
Since there is a liver problem, get regular checkups.
Don't smoke to keep your lungs healthy.
Take vitamin supplements only on doctor's advice.
Take deworming medicine once a year.
Instead of painkillers, try home remedies to reduce pain.
Consult a health worker to know the correct way to use an inhaler.
Patients with high blood pressure should do yoga to reduce stress.
Reduce protein intake if you have kidney problems.
Don't eat junk food for liver protection.
Get your thyroid checked regularly.
Rheumatoid arthritis patients, protect yourself from the cold.
Asthma patients, stay away from pets.
To avoid COPD, get treated as soon as you cough.
If you suspect cancer, get a biopsy immediately.
Don't ignore back problems, see a doctor.
Massage to reduce muscle pain.
Bring the liver test report.
Do pranayama to increase lung capacity.
Be aware of the side effects when taking vitamin supplements.
Rest after taking deworming medicine.
Taking too many painkillers affects the kidneys.
Rinse your mouth before using an inhaler.
If diabetes is not controlled, you may need to take insulin.
Take high blood pressure medicine on time.
Kidney patients should drink water according to doctor's advice.
Exercise regularly to prevent fat from accumulating in the liver.
If thyroid medicine doesn't work, inform the doctor.
Go to the hospital immediately if rheumatoid arthritis worsens.
If asthma worsens, be prepared for emergency treatment.
COPD patients should get vaccinated.
Heart patients should get ECG done regularly.
To lower the risk of cancer, stay away from smoking and alcohol.
Don't lift heavy things when you have back pain.
Get enough rest to reduce muscle pain.
Eat healthy food to avoid liver problems.
Wear a mask to avoid lung infection.
Diabetes can increase and affect the eyes, get it checked on time.
Ignoring high blood pressure can cause kidney problems, take medicine regularly.
Thyroid problems can weaken bones, eat calcium-rich foods.
If you have liver disease, you may have yellow skin and abdominal pain, go to the hospital immediately.
Rheumatism can cause joint pain and swelling, you should do physiotherapy.
Asthma patients should avoid dust and smoke, otherwise they may have to be admitted to the ICU.
COPD can seriously affect breathing, if not treated in time, it can be fatal.
To avoid heart disease, eat less oily and salty food, come to this health camp and get your heart checked.
Cancer can be cured if detected early, get regular health checkups.
If you don't take diabetes medicine regularly, it will affect your kidneys, don't forget to take medicine.
Stopping high blood pressure medicine can cause a stroke, do not stop medicine without doctor's advice.
Patients with liver disease should not consume alcohol, otherwise the condition may become serious.
Thyroid problems can cause infertility in women, see a doctor immediately.
Apply warm water to reduce the pain of rheumatism, but if the pain does not reduce, see a doctor.
Asthma patients should always keep an inhaler with them, it can be a way to avoid going to the ICU.
COPD patients should avoid the cold, there is a risk of pneumonia.
Heart patients should stay away from stress, do yoga and meditation.
Delaying cancer treatment can be fatal, go to the hospital on time.
If diabetic patients eat too many sweets, it affects other organs of the body.
If patients with high blood pressure eat too much salt, it seriously affects their health.
Kidney patients should not drink less water, drink water according to doctor's advice.
If you see a liver problem, go to the hospital immediately, otherwise life may be at risk.
Thyroid problems can cause depression, consult a psychiatrist.
If rheumatism increases, it can also affect other organs of the body, get treatment on time.
Asthma patients should stay away from pets, they may have allergies.
COPD patients should not go in dusty places, it can have a negative impact on health.
To avoid heart disease, exercise regularly, but don't do too hard exercises.
If you suspect cancer, get a biopsy immediately, the disease will be detected.
Diabetic patients should have their blood sugar checked regularly, otherwise complications may occur.
Patients with high blood pressure should eat potassium-rich foods, but only according to doctor's advice.
Kidney patients should eat less protein-rich food, otherwise the problem may increase.
Patients with liver disease should not take medicine randomly, it can further damage the liver.
Rheumatism patients should not sit in the same position for a long time, it can increase the pain.
Asthma patients should not go in cold air, breathing problems may occur.
COPD patients shouldn't smoke, it's extremely harmful for health.
Heart patients shouldn't eat food that increases cholesterol, it affects the heart even more.
If you feel tired during cancer treatment, rest, but don't be inactive.
Diabetic patients should regularly check their feet, and treat any injuries immediately.
Patients with high blood pressure should measure their blood pressure regularly, and take medicine as advised by the doctor.
Kidney patients shouldn't eat processed food, it can damage the kidneys even more.
Liver patients shouldn't work too hard, they should rest.
If you see a thyroid problem, get your hormones checked immediately, and take medicine as advised by the doctor.
Arthritis patients should keep their weight under control, it reduces pressure on the joints.
Asthma patients should keep their house clean, and avoid dust and allergies.
COPD patients should consult a doctor immediately if they have a cough, it could be an infection.
Heart patients should go for regular follow-ups with their doctor, and take medicine on time.
Even after cancer treatment, you should get regular check-ups, the disease can relapse.
Patients with both high blood pressure and diabetes should take extra precautions, because there is a high chance of kidney problems.
Thyroid problems can cause weight gain or loss, so pay attention to your diet as advised by the doctor.
This primary health center doesn't have a de-addiction center for marijuana and other drugs, we have to refer you.
Excessive alcohol consumption can cause liver problems and also weaken bones.
Many patients who come here seem to have negative health effects from smoking and tobacco addiction.
Regular use of painkillers affects the kidneys, so focus on physical exercise instead.
Accident cases are also increasing because alcohol consumption has increased in the winter season.
Regular drinking can make high blood pressure medicine not work.
Most young people get into drugs because of bad influence from friends.
In villages, people randomly take painkillers to reduce pain, which can seriously affect health.
Since the health post doesn't have medicine to quit alcohol, I suggest you go to a de-addiction center.
Continuous drinking weakens memory and also negatively affects mental health.
To get rid of drug addiction, family support and proper rehabilitation are necessary.
People who drink alcohol regularly have a higher risk of lung infections.
Using drugs during adolescence hinders brain development.
Accidents due to alcohol consumption are increasing, so it is necessary to spread public awareness to control it.
Smoking increases the risk of heart disease, so quit it immediately.
Excessive alcohol consumption causes vitamin deficiency in the body, which can lead to various diseases.
Many people in the village don't know that painkillers also have side effects.
Is there any specialist doctor here to treat alcohol addiction?
The risk of suicide has also been found to be increased in those who consume excessive alcohol.
To get rid of drug addiction, a psychiatrist's consultation is necessary.
Everyone needs to understand that consuming cigarettes and tobacco products increases the risk of cancer.
Many people who drink a lot of alcohol have been found to have weak bones.
Regular alcohol consumption impairs liver function.
Mental problems are increasing among young people due to drug addiction.
Babies of mothers who drink alcohol may have congenital health problems.
It's wrong for pharmacies in villages to sell painkillers without a prescription.
Families should show love and sympathy to people addicted to alcohol.
Drug abuse increases social crime.
Alcohol consumption disrupts the digestive system and also causes stomach problems.
Smoking also affects the teeth and gums.
People who drink alcohol have an increased risk of pneumonia.
It seems people in villages need to be informed about the effects of painkillers.
Drug users have a higher risk of infections like hepatitis B and C.
Excessive alcohol consumption affects the nervous system.
Smoking weakens memory.
Women who drink alcohol have an increased risk of breast cancer.
Drug addiction has a negative impact on families and society.
The number of patients with liver cirrhosis caused by alcohol is increasing.
Smokers have an increased risk of diabetes.
Young people need proper guidance to avoid drug addiction.
Incidents of violence due to alcohol consumption are increasing.
Excessive use of painkillers can cause ulcers.
We have counseling services available for those who want to quit smoking.
Active family involvement is essential in the treatment of drug addiction.
The economic loss due to alcohol consumption pushes families into poverty.
Overdosing on painkillers can be fatal.
Smoking makes your skin age faster.
Society's view of people suffering from drug addiction needs to change.
Mental health problems caused by alcohol consumption should not be ignored.
Drink plenty of water when taking painkillers.
After a flood, lack of nutrition can cause menstrual health problems in women.
The number of women coming to primary health centers for cervical cancer screening is increasing.
Many women are experiencing infertility problems due to unsafe abortions.
It is important to provide information about condom use to prevent sexually transmitted infections.
Many women are facing problems because they don't use regular family planning methods.
We provide safe abortion services keeping in mind the health of the mother and child.
Many people feel uncomfortable talking openly about STDs.
Adolescent girls should be given information about menstrual hygiene.
Infertility treatment is expensive and not accessible to everyone.
Due to lack of sex education, many young people are at risk of STDs.
Unsafe abortions are still common in rural areas.
Regular screening is necessary to prevent cervical cancer.
Various contraceptives are available here, you can take them as needed.
Home remedies can be used to reduce pain during menstruation.
Many women face social stigma due to infertility.
If you treat STDs on time, you can avoid complications.
Unsafe abortion can risk a woman's life.
If you see symptoms of cervical cancer, go to the hospital immediately.
Population can be controlled by using family planning methods.
If you don't pay attention to hygiene during menstruation, you can get an infection.
Counseling services are also available for infertility treatment.
It is important to have safe sex to avoid STDs.
The risk of infection is high in places where unsafe abortions are performed.
Get information about temporary family planning methods.
You should pay attention to your diet to avoid iron deficiency during menstruation.
Infertility problems can occur in both men and women.
It is important to raise public awareness about STDs.
Access to safe abortion services is a woman's right.
It is safe to get vaccinated against cervical cancer.
Family planning services help reduce maternal mortality.
Misconceptions about menstruation should be removed.
Patience is needed in the treatment of infertility.
Get regular check-ups to avoid STDs.
Only have an abortion in a safe place.
Cervical cancer can be cured if detected early.
It's a problem when you don't know about family planning methods.
Regular periods tell you a lot about your health.
People with infertility problems need mental support.
We should talk openly about STDs, it's not something to be ashamed of.
You should rest and get doctor's advice after an abortion.
You should pay attention to your lifestyle to avoid cervical cancer.
We need to go to villages to give information about family planning.
You should pay attention to personal hygiene during your period.
Infertility treatment is very expensive, so the government should help.
Get treated immediately if you see symptoms of STDs.
Unsafe abortions have long-term effects on a woman's reproductive health.
Don't smoke to reduce the risk of cervical cancer.
It's important to know if using family planning methods has any health effects.
Many patients in the emergency ward urgently need ICU services.
The road accident injured need immediate management for surgery.
The elderly patient has joint pain, so they've been referred for physiotherapy.
It seems we need to give oral rehydration to the patient who came with a stomach ache.
It's good to give paracetamol to patients whose fever hasn't gone down.
Patients with high blood pressure may need immediate dialysis in the hospital.
Chemotherapy services are available here for cancer patients.
If the pain doesn't get better, we might need to give painkillers.
Patients with eye problems have also come to the hospital for treatment.
There is a separate room for patients who want to get Ayurvedic treatment.
The doctor advised the patient to rest at home and do home remedies.
For most patients who come here, normal painkillers work.
Antifungal medicines are available at the hospital for patients with skin problems.
A patient who has lost a lot of blood from an injury may need a blood transfusion immediately.
We found out the patient was taking Ayurvedic medicine when they were brought to the hospital.
Because of the seasonal outbreak, the number of patients has increased here, so the demand for ICU service has increased.
It seems the patient who came to the emergency ward needs surgery.
The doctor advised the patient to do physiotherapy.
Give oral rehydration to the patient with diarrhea.
Give paracetamol to the patient with a fever and let them rest.
Patients with kidney problems may need dialysis.
Cancer patients need to have chemotherapy at the hospital.
If the pain doesn't get better, you can use painkillers.
Patients with red eyes have come for treatment.
Many people have benefited from Ayurvedic treatment.
The doctor has suggested adopting home remedies.
Patients with joint pain have come to the hospital for physiotherapy.
Most patients get relief from pain medication.
Patients with skin infections need antifungal medicine.
The patient who lost a lot of blood in the accident urgently needs a blood transfusion.
ICU service is very essential in the hospital.
It is appropriate to give oral rehydration to a patient with a stomach ache.
The pressure of patients needing surgery has increased.
The number of patients coming to take physiotherapy service is increasing.
Paracetamol gives relief to patients with fever.
Dialysis service is regularly available in the hospital.
Chemotherapy service is important for cancer patients.
The demand for pain relief medicine has increased.
The hospital has equipment for eye treatment.
Many people have faith in Ayurvedic treatment.
Many diseases are cured by adopting home remedies.
Patients are waiting for ICU service.
The operating room is in a state of readiness.
Patients are receiving treatment in the physiotherapy room.
Oral rehydration gives relief to the patient.
There is no shortage of antifungal medicine in the hospital.
There are many patients who need to have their blood tested.
It is believed that Ayurvedic medicine cures the patient.
Patients with stomach problems have been brought to the hospital, where they will be managed for proper treatment.
If grandpa has difficulty eating due to dementia, give him soft and easy-to-swallow foods.
Because mom's bones are weak and osteoporosis has increased, feed her foods containing calcium and vitamin D.
If dad has a problem of falling frequently, put carpet in slippery places in the house, this helps in fall prevention.
Even though geriatric care services are not available for elderly in villages, get regular health check-ups at the health post.
If dad has had chronic pain for a long time, foment with warm water and do light exercise.
If grandma has difficulty reading books due to vision loss, let her read books with large letters.
Speak loudly and clearly to elderly people with hearing problems, it helps to reduce hearing loss problems.
If old people have pneumonia, they may need to be given antibiotics immediately, consult with a health worker.
If grandpa shows symptoms of depression, consult a doctor for antidepressant medication.
If you suspect that mom has worms in her stomach, give her anti-parasitic medicine.
As kidneys may weaken in old age, give plenty of water to drink.
As muscles weaken with age, feed protein-rich foods.
Get regular blood tests to keep blood pressure balanced.
Give calcium-rich foods to eat to strengthen bones and joints.
Do not put any obstacles in the way to prevent elderly parents from falling at home.
Keep them busy to prevent age-related memory loss (dementia).
Family support is needed to provide good geriatric care for the health of the elderly.
Because Dad's eyesight is weak, take him for regular eye check-ups. Vision loss can cause problems in daily activities.
Mom is having trouble watching TV because of her hearing, so try to get her a hearing aid.
If Dad has trouble sleeping at night, try things to calm him down.
If Mom has constipation, give her fiber-rich foods and plenty of water.
As you get older, your immunity decreases, so pay special attention to hygiene.
Make sure the elderly get regular physical exercise, it strengthens their muscles.
Check if the village health post has facilities for osteoporosis screening.
If Dad has a foot wound due to diabetes, dress it regularly.
If Mom has high blood pressure, give her less salty food.
If the elderly have Alzheimer's, care for them with love and patience. It's a type of dementia.
Don't give them any medicine without a doctor's advice.
If Dad has asthma, protect him from the cold.
If Mom has joint pain, massage her with warm oil. It relieves chronic pain.
If Grandpa has a urinary problem, see a doctor immediately.
If Grandma has dizziness, let her rest. This is important for fall prevention.
Involve the elderly in recreational activities from time to time. This is also part of geriatric care.
Keep them active in social activities.
Keep patients with dementia in a calm environment.
Give Dad vitamin D supplements to strengthen his bones, it is necessary to prevent osteoporosis.
Feed Mom vitamin A-rich foods to improve her eyesight, it prevents vision loss.
Think about using a hearing aid to improve Dad's hearing, hearing loss makes it difficult to communicate.
If mom is allergic to antibiotics, let the doctor know.
If dad has side effects from antidepressant medicine, tell the doctor right away.
If mom has a stomach ache, ask the doctor before giving anti-parasitic medicine.
Give ORS to the elderly from time to time to prevent dehydration.
Get regular checkups for dad's kidney health.
Give mom protein-rich food and regular exercise to strengthen her muscles.
As they get older, bones get weaker, so protect them from falling, pay attention to fall prevention. This is important to reduce the risk of osteoporosis.
Get information about geriatric care at the village health post.
Get dad physiotherapy to reduce chronic pain.
Since mom has vision loss, keep enough light in the house.
If dad has hearing loss, talk to him patiently.
Diabetic patients should pay special attention to their diet.
Take medicine regularly to control high blood pressure.
If you see symptoms of tuberculosis, get checked at the health post immediately.
To avoid malaria, use mosquito nets and pay attention to cleanliness.
To avoid dengue infection, don't let water collect around the house.
To stay safe from Covid-19, get vaccinated and use a mask.
To avoid typhoid, drink clean water and eat food cooked well.
Pay special attention to personal hygiene to prevent cholera from spreading.
To avoid hepatitis, practice safe sex and get vaccinated.
To avoid leptospirosis, take safety measures when working in the fields.
To keep your heart healthy, eat less oily and sweet food.
To avoid back pain, get into the habit of sitting with correct posture.
To keep your brain healthy, get enough rest and think positively.
To avoid fungal infections, pay attention to hygiene and stay dry.
Take high blood pressure medicine regularly.
Take antiretroviral medicine to avoid HIV infection.
Only take painkillers according to doctor's advice to reduce pain.
Get regular diabetes checkups, otherwise you may have eye problems.
If your blood pressure rises, go to the nearest health facility immediately.
If you don't take TB medicine regularly, the disease may not be cured.
To avoid the risk of malaria, it is better to stay indoors in the evening.
To avoid dengue, wear long-sleeved clothes.
If you see symptoms of Covid-19, get tested immediately.
To avoid typhoid, don't eat stale food.
To avoid cholera, drink water only after boiling it.
To avoid hepatitis, do not use needles used by others.
If you see symptoms of leptospirosis, see a doctor immediately.
To avoid liver problems, don't eat junk food.
To avoid back problems, be careful when lifting heavy objects.
To avoid stroke, don't smoke or drink alcohol.
Don't forget to consult a doctor when using antifungal medicine.
Antihypertensive medicine helps to control blood pressure.
Antiretroviral medicine reduces HIV infection.
If you have stomach problems while taking pain medicine, tell your doctor.
If you have diabetes, you should get your eyes checked regularly.
High blood pressure can affect your eyes, so be careful.
TB medicine can affect the eyes, so get regular checkups.
Malaria can weaken your eyes, so pay attention.
Eye pain can also be a problem when you have a dengue infection.
Don't ignore eye problems caused by COVID-19.
If your eyes turn yellow during typhoid, go to the hospital immediately.
If you have cholera, don't let your body get dehydrated, your eyes may dry out.
Hepatitis can affect the eyes, so get regular checkups.
If your eyes turn red due to leptospirosis, get treatment immediately.
It is appropriate for diabetic patients to have laser treatment to protect their vision.
High blood pressure can damage the blood vessels in the eyes, get treatment in time.
If you experience any eye problems during TB treatment, inform immediately.
Take preventive measures to avoid malaria and protect your eyes.
I request you to be vigilant as flood victims are experiencing fever problems.
Many people who have come here are complaining of headaches.
We're seeing more patients at the rehab center coming in with diarrhea and nausea.
Because of the flood, many people are having chest pain and cough problems.
Due to the continuous rain, the number of patients feeling tired is increasing.
Some people who came from the flood-affected area have swelling problems in their bodies.
A woman who came to the camp had vaginal bleeding, so she needs to be taken to the hospital.
Children displaced by the floods are showing skin rashes.
Elderly people are having difficulty breathing, they might need oxygen.
Because of being in the water for many days due to the flood, their feet are infected and swollen.
Most people who have come here after the flood have fever, we need to be careful.
Patients who are very weak from coughing need rest.
Patients who feel extremely tired need nutritious food.
Patients who have come with swelling problems should be examined immediately.
Women with bleeding problems need to be sent to the hospital for further treatment.
Children with skin rashes should be taken to the doctor immediately.
Oxygen should be arranged for patients who have difficulty breathing.
Those who walked a lot in the flood may have joint pain.
The problem of red and itchy eyes has increased, it could be an infection.
Many people are complaining of muscle pain due to the flood.
People who were submerged in water after the flood are showing skin allergies.
An old man who was caught in the flood has a swollen knee.
The fever outbreak among flood victims hasn't stopped, which is worrying.
We need to refer a patient to the hospital because of a constant headache.
Some patients haven't recovered from nausea even after taking medicine.
We're running out of cough medicine, we need to order it right away.
Patients who can't walk due to fatigue need special care.
Would applying warm water to the swollen area provide relief?
Those with bleeding problems should be taken to the hospital immediately.
Skin rashes take time to heal.
Those having difficulty breathing should be given oxygen and other treatment.
The flood has caused an outbreak of conjunctivitis.
Muscle weakness may be due to being submerged in the flood for too long.
Many people haven't been able to sleep all night because of itchy skin.
Someone who was caught in the flood has a swollen ankle.
Patients with fever should be given paracetamol.
Rest and nutritious food are needed to reduce fatigue.
You should take the medicine prescribed by the doctor regularly to reduce body swelling.
If you see bleeding problems, inform the health worker immediately.
If you have skin rashes, apply anti-itch cream.
If you have difficulty breathing, give oxygen immediately.
If your eye is red, you should see an eye doctor.
If your muscles ache, apply warm water and take pain medication.
If you see an allergy on your skin, go to the pharmacy immediately and buy medicine.
If your joints hurt, rest and take painkillers as advised by the doctor.
Many patients are in trouble because this lab doesn't have dialysis after the earthquake.
It's becoming difficult to find people who do Ayurvedic treatment in the village, what to do?
After the earthquake destroyed the house, I can't even go to the hospital for treatment, and on top of that, my back problem has worsened.
Even the relief that the government said they'd give doesn't have some medicines, how to get antifungal medicine?
Many patients need ICU in the disaster brought by the earthquake, but there isn't one available here.
The risk of many people becoming disabled has increased because there is no physiotherapy arrangement for those injured in the earthquake.
The earthquake destroyed the pharmacies, where will asthma patients find inhalers now?
After the earthquake destroyed the hospital, there is an obligation to go far for dialysis, it will also cost a lot of money.
In the epidemic that spread after the earthquake, patients with diarrhea are not even getting Jeevan Jal.
There is a shortage of beds in the hospital for patients who need surgery, how many days do we have to wait?
Those injured in the earthquake have weak mental health and need antidepressant medicine.
Because there is no health post in the village, we have to go to the city even for a common cold, home remedies don't always work.
The earthquake made many people sick, but there is not enough medicine here, there is no place to do chemotherapy either.
The earthquake damaged the hospital equipment, so the eye treatment machine is also broken, where will the patients go now?
Because the pressure of patients has increased in the hospital after the earthquake, it has become difficult to provide adequate care to everyone, heart patients have even more problems.
Because the earthquake damaged the means of transportation, it has also become difficult to get patients to the hospital for treatment, it is even more difficult to do radiotherapy.
The government should arrange treatment for those who got sick after the earthquake destroyed their homes, but nothing has happened yet.
Because of the lack of doctors and nurses in the hospital after the earthquake, patients are not getting treatment on time, especially those with nerve problems.
Because of the destruction caused by the earthquake, it is difficult to find Ayurvedic medicines in the village.
Due to the earthquake damaging the drinking water pipeline, the outbreak of diarrhea has increased, and the lack of Jeevan Jal has added to the problem.
Many people have become mentally weak due to the fear brought by the earthquake; they need antidepressants.
After the earthquake destroyed the hospital, patients are forced to go elsewhere for dialysis.
Because there is no physiotherapy available for those injured in the earthquake, the future of many is uncertain.
Due to the earthquake, the pharmacies in the village are closed; where to find antiparasitic medicine?
The earthquake damaged the radiation therapy equipment in the hospital, causing problems for cancer patients.
After the earthquake destroyed the houses, it has become difficult for asthma patients to get inhalers.
Due to the earthquake, doctors are refusing to come to the village; how to get treatment?
Even after understanding the importance of Ayurvedic treatment in the disaster brought by the earthquake, it is difficult to get it easily.
After the earthquake destroyed the hospital's ICU ward, there is a problem of where to keep the seriously ill patients.
In the epidemic brought by the earthquake, the health of children is at risk due to the lack of Jeevan Jal.
After the earthquake destroyed the hospital, patients who need heart surgery are forced to go elsewhere.
The earthquake damaged the dialysis machine in the hospital, causing problems for kidney patients.
Due to the earthquake, there is not enough antifungal medicine in the hospital; patients with skin problems are having a hard time.
After the earthquake destroyed the hospital, there is concern about where to send patients who need radiotherapy.
Due to the earthquake, the supply of antidepressant medicine in the hospital has run out; what to do for those with mental problems?
After the earthquake destroyed the houses, there is no place to get Ayurvedic treatment either; what to do?
After the earthquake destroyed the hospital, many patients are dying due to lack of ICU.
After the earthquake damaged the water source, it's hard to get ORS to diarrhea patients.
After the earthquake destroyed the hospital, there's a problem of where to take patients who need surgery.
Because of the earthquake, there's no place for physiotherapy in the hospital, what to do with the disabled?
Due to the lack of antiparasitic medicine in the disaster brought by the earthquake, many people are sick.
After the earthquake destroyed the hospital, it's hard for asthma patients to get inhalers.
Because of the earthquake, the radiotherapy machine in the hospital is broken, cancer patients are having problems.
After the earthquake destroyed the house, home remedies are not enough, it's also difficult to go to the hospital.
The demand for antidepressants has increased due to the fear brought by the earthquake, but there is no medicine in the hospital.
After the earthquake destroyed the hospital, we have to go far for dialysis, and it will be very expensive.
Medicines in the hospital are finished after the earthquake, how to get antifungal medicine?
Due to the lack of ORS in the epidemic brought by the earthquake, the lives of many children are at risk.
How many hepatitis patients are there in this camp after the flood, do you have the data?
Is high blood pressure medicine regularly available here?
What kind of arrangements are there for TB patients in this rehabilitation center?
There is an outbreak of diarrhea among those affected by the floods, is there an arrangement for cholera vaccination?
Have diabetic patients been brought here, and what services are available for them?
There is a risk of leptospirosis infection spreading after the flood, what should be done to avoid it?
If malaria is suspected in the patients who come here, is there a provision for testing?
What medicine is given to patients with skin infections due to the flood?
With the risk of dengue increasing, how are testing and treatment services managed at this rehab center?
What are the arrangements for COVID-19 testing in the flood-affected areas?
Considering the possibility of increased typhoid cases after the floods, what preparations have been made here?
Are the necessary health services available here for kidney patients?
Is there a blood testing facility here?
Have patients with conjunctivitis (eye infection) been brought here?
What should be done immediately if flood victims show symptoms of high blood pressure?
Are there enough vitamin supplements at this rehab center?
What precautions should be taken before giving paracetamol to patients with fever after the floods?
How many days' worth of high blood pressure medication is available here?
Is there an arrangement for inhalers for those with breathing problems?
What kind of treatment is available here if people displaced by the floods show mental health issues?
Is there a provision to vaccinate patients who come here against Hepatitis B?
Are tuberculosis medications regularly available here?
Is there a specialist here to provide information about diet to diabetic patients?
What precautions should be taken to prevent cholera from spreading in the flood-affected areas?
Is there a provision for essential vitamins for the children who have come here?
What kind of test should be done if typhoid is suspected?
What advice is given here to prevent leptospirosis?
Has the risk of malaria increased due to the floods?
What measures have been taken here to prevent dengue?
Are masks and sanitizers available here to prevent COVID-19?
What to do if pregnant women who come here have high blood pressure problems?
Which medicine is suitable if flood victims have skin allergies?
What kind of treatment facilities are available here for people with eye infections?
Where to send patients with kidney problems due to the floods?
How to treat patients with blood infections?
How to conduct health check-ups for diabetic patients after the floods?
Are high blood pressure medicines available here for free?
How long is the arrangement to keep TB patients here?
Is there enough Jeevan Jal available here for patients with diarrhea?
When is the hepatitis vaccination program in this camp?
What can be done to reduce mental stress in people displaced by the floods?
Are malaria testing kits available here?
How many days should dengue patients rest?
Is there a provision for vaccinating against COVID-19 here?
How effective is boiling water to avoid typhoid?
Are the necessary medicines for the treatment of leptospirosis available here?
What kind of food should be advised for patients with high blood pressure?
Maybe there are too many patients in the ICU, there's no time to give advice about family planning.
Getting safe abortion services has become a challenge for many women in this pandemic.
We need to keep records of how many patients being treated here are suffering from STIs.
Patients staying in the ICU for a long time are starting to show menstrual health problems.
Women admitted to the ICU seem to have an increased risk of uterine cancer.
Due to COVID, many didn't get treatment on time, increasing infertility problems.
Nurses working in the ICU haven't been able to rest during their periods, affecting their health.
Many women coming to the ICU have bleeding problems, we need to find the cause.
The lack of temporary family planning methods has added to the problems in this pandemic.
Many women are facing problems because sexual and reproductive health services haven't been prioritized.
Women undergoing treatment in the ICU need to be given vitamin supplements as well as information about menstrual hygiene.
Due to COVID, many women haven't been able to get timely screening for uterine cancer.
It's been difficult to adjust insulin levels for diabetic patients being treated in the ICU, which can affect their fertility.
Due to lack of information about safe abortion services in this pandemic, many women have lost their lives.
It's necessary to counsel patients coming to the ICU on how to avoid STIs.
Many women have complained about menstrual irregularities due to prolonged stays in the ICU.
Due to this pandemic, many women haven't been able to get family planning methods when they want them.
We need to inform people that it's necessary to get tested on time to avoid uterine cancer.
Women undergoing treatment in the ICU need to be informed about what to do to avoid infertility.
Some patients have menstrual problems due to high blood pressure medication.
Many patients admitted to the ICU are showing symptoms of STIs, they need to be tested immediately.
In this pandemic, many women are having health complications because of unsafe abortions.
Women in the ICU should be screened to protect them from the risk of uterine cancer.
Because of Covid, many couples haven't been able to get infertility treatment on time.
Patients coming with period problems are getting more stressed by the ICU environment.
Some women have complained about side effects when using contraceptives.
We need to advise them to get regular checkups to prevent uterine cancer.
Women in the ICU are likely to have increased mental stress due to infertility.
If women taking blood pressure medication have irregular periods, they should consult a doctor immediately.
We need to provide information about safe sex to prevent sexually transmitted infections.
The number of women dying from unsafe abortions is increasing in this pandemic.
It seems we need to arrange screening in the ICU as well to detect uterine cancer.
Many women are frustrated because infertility treatment is expensive.
We can tell some home remedies to women being treated in the ICU to regulate their periods.
Many women are in trouble due to lack of adequate information about the use of family planning methods.
There is a need to train health workers to provide information about safe abortion services.
Get treatment immediately if you see symptoms of uterine cancer.
Those with infertility problems need to be counseled in the ICU.
Patients are asking if high blood pressure medicine affects the menstrual cycle.
We need to provide information on what precautions to take to prevent sexually transmitted diseases.
We need to explain that unsafe abortions can have long-term effects on women's health.
To reduce the risk of cervical cancer, you should get regular Pap smear tests.
The government should help with infertility treatment because it's so expensive.
There should be proper hygiene in the ICU during menstruation.
Information should be given about the effects of temporary family planning methods on women's health.
Information needs to be provided about where to get safe abortion services.
Information should be given that cervical cancer can be cured if treated on time.
Psychosocial counseling should be available in the ICU to solve infertility problems.
Women being treated in the ICU should be informed about the side effects of blood pressure medication.
Condom use should be encouraged in the ICU to prevent STDs.
I've had a fever and difficulty breathing since it started, what should I do?
I've had a cough for two days straight and I'm also having trouble breathing.
He has chest pain and is having a lot of trouble breathing.
I've been vomiting since yesterday, and I'm having trouble breathing because of weakness.
Doctor, I brought him here after he got a fever and headache and had trouble breathing.
I used the inhaler at home because I was having trouble breathing, but it didn't make any difference.
We brought the child to the hospital at night because he was having trouble breathing.
Will it be easier to breathe after taking this medicine?
Should oxygen be given if someone has difficulty breathing, doctor?
I called the ambulance myself after seeing the patient panicking because they were having trouble breathing.
I'm having trouble breathing, please check me properly.
Is this shortness of breath because of the cough, or is there some other problem?
Along with shortness of breath, I've also got rashes on my body.
I woke up from sleep because I was having so much trouble breathing.
Is this breathing problem caused by my heart?
I'm already scared because of this shortness of breath.
I'm feeling very tired and having trouble breathing too.
Doctor, this breathing problem is getting worse.
Do I need to do any special tests for this breathing problem?
It's hard to work because I'm having trouble breathing.
Hopefully this medicine will make it easier to breathe.
How long will this breathing problem last?
It's hard for me to sleep at night because I have trouble breathing.
I feel dizzy when I have trouble breathing.
What should I do to find out the cause of this breathing problem?
Is this breathing problem caused by allergies?
What should I not eat when I have trouble breathing?
What is good to eat when I have trouble breathing?
It's hard for me to walk because I have trouble breathing.
What do you suggest I do for this breathing problem?
I'm scared I'm going to die because I can't breathe.
Do I need to be admitted to the hospital for breathing difficulties?
Do I need to see a specific doctor for breathing difficulties?
Do I need to take any specific medicine for breathing difficulties?
Do I need to do any specific exercise for breathing difficulties?
Do I need to take any specific precautions for breathing difficulties?
Do I need to do any specific tests for breathing difficulties?
Do I need to get any specific treatment for breathing difficulties?
Do I need to get any specific surgery for breathing difficulties?
Do I need to do any specific therapy for breathing difficulties?
Do I need to follow any specific diet for breathing difficulties?
Do I need to adopt any specific lifestyle for breathing difficulties?
Do I need to live in any specific environment for breathing difficulties?
Do I need to go to any specific place for breathing difficulties?
Do I need to do any specific work for breathing difficulties?
Do I need to stay away from any specific thing for breathing difficulties?
Do I need to use any specific thing for breathing difficulties?
Do I need to avoid any specific thing for breathing difficulties?
I brought [him/her] to the hospital immediately after [he/she] had trouble breathing, what happens now?
Why did this fever and breathing problem happen at the same time?
Did you take paracetamol when you had a fever?
It's important to drink Jeevan Jal to avoid dehydration when you have diarrhea, you know that, right?
Are you feeling nauseous along with vomiting and diarrhea?
How many days have you had a cough? It doesn't seem to be getting better, does it?
If you feel very tired, you should rest; don't neglect your body.
Is there any swelling on your body? Please check.
Have you noticed if there's blood in your stool?
If you have rashes on your skin, you should see a doctor immediately.
Are you having difficulty breathing? Tell me right away if you are.
Are your muscles aching? We'll figure out something to relieve the pain.
If there's a problem with your liver, symptoms like stomach pain and vomiting appear.
Have you experienced any problems like chest pain or difficulty breathing after taking the medicine?
Is it difficult to work because your joints are aching?
Is the depression medicine working? Is there any improvement?
If the antibiotic medicine doesn't stop the diarrhea, we might need to try other medicines.
If you experience problems like stomach pain or constipation when taking iron tablets, please tell me.
If you drink Jeevan Jal regularly, you won't get dehydrated.
How many days have you had a fever? You should get it checked once.
Has the headache gotten better? If the medicine doesn't work, we'll let the doctor know.
If you feel like you're going to vomit, drink water immediately.
If the cough doesn't get better, you might need to get tested for tuberculosis.
If you're too tired, you should reduce your workload.
If your feet are swollen, you should eat less salty food.
If you have a nosebleed, tilt your head back a little.
If you have red rashes on your body, it could be due to an allergy.
If you have difficulty breathing, you should give oxygen immediately.
To reduce muscle pain, apply warm water.
You might need a liver test, you may have to go to the hospital for further testing.
Is the cough caused by the medicine?
If the joint pain medicine doesn't work, you should do physiotherapy.
Are you seeing side effects from the antidepressant medication?
Antibiotics upset your stomach, so it's good to eat yogurt.
How much relief did you get after taking the iron pills?
Do you know how to make oral rehydration solution? I'll teach you.
Do you know how much paracetamol to take to reduce fever?
If you have a bad headache, it's good to rest for a while.
Are you feeling nauseous and not wanting to eat?
Did you use any home remedies for the cough?
Do you get very tired while working?
Which part of your body is swollen? Show me.
If you see blood in your stool, don't panic, you should go to the hospital immediately.
Do you have itchy rashes on your body?
If it's hard to breathe, you should give oxygen.
Why might my muscles be hurting?
Looks like there's some problem with your liver, you should see a doctor.
Does the antidepressant medicine make you feel dizzy?
Taking too many antibiotics isn't good either, okay?
Your stool might be black when you take iron tablets, but don't worry.
Do you know how many times you should drink Jeevan Jal?
It's important to rest when you have a fever.
Problems can increase if you don't get regular TB checks during COVID-19.
Diabetic patients are more likely to get TB, so be careful.
If you don't control high blood pressure, it can be difficult to treat TB.
If not treated on time, TB can cause serious damage to the lungs.
If you see symptoms of malaria, get tested immediately, don't ignore it.
To avoid dengue, avoid mosquito bites, don't let water collect.
If you suspect typhoid, don't just do home remedies, consult a health worker immediately.
To avoid cholera, pay special attention to drinking water and sanitation, don't be careless.
To avoid hepatitis, stay away from contaminated food and water, be alert.
To avoid the risk of leptospirosis, don't walk in dirty water, take precautions.
If you don't take TB medicine regularly, there's a risk the medicine won't work.
If TB isn't identified on time, there's a risk of it spreading to others.
Using vitamin supplements randomly can have negative effects on your health.
If diabetic patients don't pay attention to regular exercise and diet, the problem can increase.
If patients with high blood pressure eat too many salty foods, there can be health risks.
A person with TB should cover their mouth when coughing or sneezing, otherwise there's a risk of spreading it to others.
To avoid the risk of malaria, be sure to use mosquito nets, don't be careless.
To avoid dengue, keep the environment around your house clean, don't let water collect.
To avoid typhoid, always drink boiled water, don't drink dirty water.
To avoid cholera, don't eat food that's been kept in the open, pay attention to cleanliness.
To avoid hepatitis, stay away from unsafe sex, be aware.
To avoid leptospirosis, take safety measures when working in the fields.
If you see symptoms of TB, get tested immediately, don't delay.
To protect yourself from Covid-19 infection, wear a mask and maintain social distance.
If diabetic patients eat too many sweet foods, it can have serious effects on their health.
TB patients shouldn't stop taking medicine without a doctor's advice, the problem can increase.
When taking malaria medicine, only take it according to the doctor's advice, don't decide for yourself.
To avoid the risk of dengue, protect yourself from mosquitoes even during the day, be aware.
Delaying treatment for typhoid can lead to serious health problems, get treatment on time.
To avoid cholera, pay attention to personal hygiene, wash your hands regularly.
To avoid hepatitis, get vaccinated, it helps to stay safe from this disease.
To avoid leptospirosis, be careful when farming animals, use protective gear.
TB can weaken your bones, so eat calcium-rich foods.
If you have eye problems during TB treatment, see a doctor right away.
TB can weaken your muscles, so eat protein-rich foods.
Both COVID-19 and TB affect the lungs, so take extra precautions.
If someone with TB smokes, it can cause more lung damage, so don't smoke.
If you have stomach problems while taking TB medicine, get doctor's advice.
If a cough caused by TB doesn't get better for a long time, get more tests.
People with TB should rest and eat enough nutritious food.
When treating TB, blood pressure medicine might need to change, talk to your doctor.
Patients with both TB and diabetes should get regular check-ups, don't be careless.
The risk of TB can increase after a COVID-19 infection, so be careful.
Pregnant women with TB should take special precautions, get doctor's advice.
To avoid TB, eat foods that boost your immunity, eat a balanced diet.
Antibiotics used in TB treatment can reduce the effect of other medicines, tell your doctor.
People with TB should drink plenty of water, keep your body hydrated.
If you have skin allergies during TB treatment, see a doctor right away.
People with TB should stay away from mental stress, think positively.
Even after TB treatment is complete, go for regular follow-ups, get health check-ups.
Those injured by the earthquake should not forget to get a tetanus shot.
Give your kids regular vaccines, it protects them from different diseases.
Take iron pills during pregnancy, it keeps both mother and baby healthy.
If you have a stomach ache, consult a health worker before trying home remedies.
The earthquake may have caused mental stress to many, get psychosocial counseling.
If you see mental health problems after the earthquake, contact a psychosocial counselor.
Someone caring for a patient with dementia should help them with their daily activities.
To avoid osteoporosis, increase your intake of calcium and vitamin D.
To reduce the risk of falling, make sure there's bright light at home and remove obstacles in walkways.
Get regular geriatric care to identify health problems in older people.
Use physiotherapy and pain relief medicines to reduce chronic pain.
Use materials written in large letters for patients with poor eyesight.
Speak clearly and slowly when talking to patients with hearing problems.
Get regular checkups at the dentist to avoid dental problems.
Eat low-fat foods and exercise regularly to keep your heart healthy.
To keep your liver healthy, don't drink alcohol and adopt a healthy lifestyle.
To avoid lung problems, don't smoke and avoid pollution.
Only take vitamin supplements according to your doctor's advice.
Antiparasitic medicines kill worms in the stomach, but only use them on a doctor's advice.
Iron tablets prevent anemia, but consult a doctor for the correct dosage.
Take antihypertensive medicine regularly to control high blood pressure.
Keep dementia patients in a calm environment and engage them in activities that reduce stress.
Do weight-bearing exercises regularly to reduce the risk of osteoporosis.
Advise patients at risk of falling to use a cane or walker when walking.
Under geriatric care, also check the patient's mental health.
Psychosocial support is also important in the treatment of chronic pain.
Identify and treat eye problems early, otherwise it can lead to blindness.
Pay special attention to dental hygiene and use a soft brush.
Eat healthy food and exercise regularly to prevent heart disease.
Avoid taking unnecessary medications to protect your liver.
Do deep breathing exercises regularly to keep your lungs healthy.
Don't take any vitamin supplements without a doctor's advice.
If you suspect worms in your stomach, take antiparasitic medicine immediately.
If you experience stomach pain or constipation while taking iron tablets, inform your doctor.
Antihypertensive medicine keeps blood pressure under control, but get regular check-ups.
Have dementia patients do daily scheduled activities; this makes them feel comfortable.
To prevent osteoporosis, stay away from smoking and alcohol.
To reduce the risk of falling, don't keep slippery objects on the floor of the house.
In geriatric care, also pay attention to the patient's nutritional status.
Hot or cold compresses can be used to reduce pain.
Go to an eye specialist once a year for an eye exam.
Go to a hearing specialist for hearing tests from time to time.
Use fluoride toothpaste to strengthen your teeth.
If your heart beats too fast, contact a doctor immediately.
If you see any liver problems, go to a liver specialist right away.
If you see any lung problems, go to a chest specialist immediately.
If you have a vitamin deficiency, take vitamin supplements as advised by your doctor.
If you experience any side effects while taking antiparasitic medicine, tell your doctor immediately.
Take iron tablets with food, it reduces stomach problems.
If antihypertensive medicine causes dizziness, inform your doctor.
Don't leave elderly people with dementia alone at home.
Eat calcium-rich foods to strengthen bones.
Encourage patients who are afraid of falling to take someone's support while walking.
Get regular health checkups to avoid health problems in old age.
Do not overuse painkillers, it can cause other health problems.
If children have diarrhea, don't forget to give Jeevan Jal.
Get your child's weight checked regularly to prevent malnutrition.
If you have a fever, give paracetamol and take them to the health post immediately.
Pay special attention to newborn care, breastfeed regularly.
Vaccinate children on time, it is very important for their health.
In flood-affected areas, drink water only after boiling it, otherwise there is a risk of diarrhea.
Monitor your child's growth regularly, and if you see any problems, inform the health worker immediately.
Feed the baby only breast milk for 6 months, don't give anything else.
Regularly give deworming medicine to children to protect them from stomach worms.
If the child looks weak, get them checked for malnutrition.
Floods can cause food contamination, so pay special attention to hygiene.
Take children who have missed vaccinations to the vaccination center immediately.
Be aware to avoid diseases that can spread after floods.
Check regularly whether the child's physical development is going well.
If the child has a fever, wipe their body with a cloth and give them paracetamol.
Give nutritious food to children suffering from malnutrition.
Keep the newborn warm and breastfeed regularly.
Give children deworming medicine from time to time, it improves their health.
Diarrhea can be caused by contaminated water due to floods, so drink water only after boiling it.
If you see any problems in the child's growth and development, contact the health post immediately.
Get information on how to care for a newborn's umbilical cord.
Give the child plenty of Jeevan Jal when they have diarrhea.
Vaccines protect children from many diseases, so don't miss vaccinations.
Malnourished children need extra nutritious food.
Newborns in flood-affected areas need special care.
Monitor the child's growth by taking their weight regularly.
Kids should be given deworming medicine every 6 months.
If the fever doesn't go down, see a doctor right away.
To avoid diarrhea, drink clean water and wash your hands before eating.
Pay attention to hygiene to protect newborns from infection.
Feed children nutritious food so they grow and develop well.
Arrange vaccination for children of families displaced by the floods.
Get regular health check-ups to reduce the risk of malnutrition.
If you see any unusual symptoms in the child, contact a health worker immediately.
Regular vaccinations protect children from many diseases, so don't forget to get vaccinated.
Because the flood has contaminated the drinking water, only drink water after boiling it and avoid diarrhea.
If the child is not gaining weight, get them checked for malnutrition.
When a child has a fever, let them rest and give them plenty of fluids.
Breastfeed newborns regularly, it is like nectar for them.
Giving children deworming medicine provides relief from stomach problems.
Get vaccinated to avoid diseases that can spread due to the flood.
Pay attention to the child's development, if you see any problems, inform us immediately.
Feed your child a balanced diet to prevent malnutrition.
If you see any health problems in a newborn, bring them to the health post immediately.
By monitoring a child's growth regularly, malnutrition can be prevented.
Pay attention to sanitation as the outbreak of diarrhea may increase in the flood-affected area.
Run special vaccination programs for children who missed their shots.
If you see problems like fever, diarrhea, consult a health worker right away.
If you have a fever and difficulty breathing, come to the hospital immediately.
I immediately gave oxygen to the patient who had a cough, chest pain, and difficulty breathing.
After continuous fatigue and difficulty breathing, I suggested further testing.
There's a problem of blurred vision, headache, and difficulty breathing.
If you have difficulty breathing even after taking medicine, contact immediately.
The patient had to be taken to the hospital immediately after the asthma worsened and he had difficulty breathing.
If you feel tired and have difficulty breathing while working, you should rest.
If you have a fever and are having trouble breathing, it could be a symptom of COVID.
Patients taking high blood pressure medication have been experiencing difficulty breathing.
The patient who had difficulty breathing due to a cough felt relieved after being given a nebulizer.
Difficulty breathing and chest pain should not be ignored.
If you feel extremely tired and have difficulty breathing, see a doctor immediately.
Many patients come to the telemedicine center complaining of headaches and difficulty breathing.
If you have a fever, body rash, and difficulty breathing, go to the hospital immediately.
A long-term cough and difficulty breathing can be a sign of tuberculosis.
The patient who was vomiting, weak, and having difficulty breathing had to be given saline immediately.
The patient got some relief after using an inhaler after having difficulty breathing.
If you have body swelling and difficulty breathing, consult a doctor immediately.
If you have trouble breathing, antibiotics won't work; you'll need other treatment.
To find out why you're having trouble breathing, you might need more tests.
After extreme tiredness and trouble breathing, I had to give the patient oxygen.
If you have trouble breathing, don't panic and take deep breaths.
To avoid trouble breathing, stay away from dust and smoke.
If you have a fever and trouble breathing, it's good to get a COVID-19 test.
For some patients, mental stress can also be a reason for trouble breathing.
If you're having trouble breathing, talk to your doctor and ask about an inhaler.
Do yoga regularly to get relief from trouble breathing.
If you have a cough and trouble breathing, contact your nearest health post.
A main reason for trouble breathing could also be a lung infection.
If you have high blood pressure and trouble breathing, take your medicine regularly.
To avoid trouble breathing, don't smoke.
If you're having trouble breathing, call an ambulance right away.
If you have a fever, cough, and trouble breathing, rest at home and drink plenty of fluids.
To avoid trouble breathing, keep your house clean.
If you're having trouble breathing, talk to your doctor and get more information.
If you have symptoms like headache, vomiting, and trouble breathing, don't ignore it.
To avoid trouble breathing, get enough rest and reduce stress.
If you're having trouble breathing, go to the hospital right away and get treatment.
Some people have difficulty breathing also because of weak muscles.
If you have a fever and are having trouble breathing, isolate yourself to prevent spreading it to others.
To avoid cough and difficulty breathing, wear a mask and maintain social distance.
The patient who came with breathing difficulties was immediately given oxygen and admitted to the ICU.
If you are having difficulty breathing, inform your family and friends.
Exercise regularly to avoid breathing problems.
If you have fever and difficulty breathing, do not take any medicine without consulting a doctor.
If you are having difficulty breathing, think positive and stay calm.
Pay attention to your diet and eat healthy food to avoid breathing problems.
If you have high blood pressure and difficulty breathing, consult a doctor immediately.
Drink enough water and stay hydrated to avoid breathing problems.
If you are having difficulty breathing, talk to your doctor and find out about further treatment.
He is having a really bad asthma attack, maybe because of the weather change.
I need to ask Dad if he's been taking his high blood pressure medicine regularly.
My mother is having a lot of trouble with increased diabetes, what to do?
They are suffering from kidney problems, how to treat it?
Dad had heart disease before, and now it's even worse.
My grandmother is suffering a lot from joint pain, is there any solution?
I'm taking thyroid medicine, but I haven't seen much improvement.
My husband has a liver problem, he needs to be very careful about his diet.
I'm so sad to hear my sister has cancer.
You're so tired of coughing, is your COPD acting up again?
My daughter's teeth hurt so much she won't eat, what should we do?
The doctor prescribed vitamin supplements, we should give them to the child.
She must be low on iron, my daughter looks so weak.
How long should I take this antihypertensive medicine to control high blood pressure?
The doctor gave painkillers to reduce the pain, but I shouldn't take too many.
This medicine should be used when asthma flares up, not all the time.
The dizziness problem has increased because of high blood pressure.
It's time to get a diabetes checkup, I need to make time to go.
Her body is swollen because of kidney problems, we need to take her to the hospital immediately.
It is very important to pay attention to diet to cure liver disease.
Cancer treatment has started, now she needs to rest a lot.
It's hard to breathe because of COPD, maybe she needs oxygen.
It's hard to walk because of joint pain, I should massage it.
I feel like I've gained weight because of the thyroid medicine, I should ask the doctor.
To avoid heart disease, you shouldn't eat oily and salty foods.
I don't feel like eating because of my teeth problems, I should see a doctor.
They say this vitamin supplement is very good for the body!
I have stomach pain after taking iron tablets, what should I do?
If you don't take high blood pressure medicine regularly, it's difficult.
Do painkillers have other side effects too?
Asthma medicine should always be carried, you need it in emergencies.
They say diabetes also affects the eyes, is that true?
If kidney problems get worse, you have to get dialysis.
To avoid liver disease, you shouldn't drink alcohol.
Cancer treatment is very expensive, how to manage it?
To avoid COPD, you have to quit smoking.
To reduce joint pain, it's good to apply hot water.
Thyroid problems cause a lot of fatigue.
To avoid heart disease, you should exercise regularly.
You should pay attention to dental hygiene, otherwise many problems will come.
How much vitamin supplements should I take? I should ask the doctor.
Do iron tablets cause constipation?
How much does high blood pressure medicine cost?
How often can you take painkillers?
Asthma patients should be protected from the cold.
Are there any home remedies for high blood pressure?
To control diabetes, you shouldn't eat sweet things.
To keep your kidneys healthy, you should drink plenty of water.
Patients with liver problems need a lot of rest.
Many kids here have iron deficiency, maybe the nutrition program wasn't that effective.
Most women coming to the hospital have vitamin deficiencies, we should pay attention to this.
Many children are getting sick due to malnutrition, we need to increase the capacity of nutrition rehabilitation centers.
People don't pay attention to balanced diets these days, that's why diseases are increasing.
Goiter problem is increasing due to iodine deficiency, seems like we need to run a public awareness program.
Many children are getting weak because they are not getting enough protein, parents should be made aware.
Obesity in children can cause serious diseases in the future, how to control it?
Many mothers don't give their children supplementary food on time, so the children are getting weak.
Micronutrient deficiency is affecting the physical and mental development of children, what to do?
Children from poor families have many problems due to lack of nutrition, they should be helped.
Due to iron deficiency in pregnant women, babies are also being born weak, this needs to be improved.
Most people don't understand the importance of vitamins, so they are falling victim to various diseases.
Thyroid problems are increasing due to not using iodized salt, information about this should be given.
Obesity is increasing due to the habit of eating more carbohydrates instead of protein.
Due to lack of nutrition, many children have reduced immunity.
The problem of malnutrition remains the same as the supplementary food distribution program is not effective.
Various skin and hair problems are occurring due to micronutrient deficiency.
Many women have anemia due to iron deficiency.
Iodine deficiency is affecting the brain development of children, this is worrying.
Due to lack of protein, the problem of muscle weakness is increasing.
Due to obesity, diseases like high blood pressure and diabetes are increasing, it should be stopped.
Due to malnutrition, children's growth and development is not happening well.
Due to lack of vitamins, the problem of weakening eyesight is increasing.
Due to lack of information about balanced diet, many people are getting sick.
Due to irregularities in supplementary food programs, it has not been able to reach the target group.
Due to lack of iron, many women feel tired and weak.
Due to lack of iodine, the risk of miscarriage increases in pregnant women.
Due to lack of protein, the body's immunity decreases.
Due to obesity, the risk of heart attack is increasing, we should be aware.
Due to malnutrition, children's ability to concentrate on studies decreases.
Due to lack of micronutrients, various organs of the body cannot function properly.
Due to lack of vitamins, the problem of weakening bones is increasing.
Due to lack of balanced diet, many people are becoming victims of disease.
Due to lack of quality in supplementary food programs, it has not been effective.
Due to lack of iron, the problem of weakening memory is increasing.
Due to lack of iodine, the problem of goiter has appeared in the neck.
Due to lack of protein, the problem of dry skin and hair is increasing.
Due to obesity, the problem of joint pain is increasing.
Due to malnutrition, the problem of children's height and weight being low has appeared.
Lack of micronutrients causes problems with the digestive system.
Vitamin deficiency can cause problems with the nervous system.
Training should be arranged to provide information about balanced diets.
Many people complain because there is no transparency in additional food distribution.
Iron deficiency reduces the desire to work.
Iodine deficiency increases the risk of children being born with intellectual disabilities.
Obesity is increasing sleep problems.
Malnutrition is darkening the future of many children.
Vitamin deficiency has reduced the body's immunity.
It seems a door-to-door campaign should be launched to explain the importance of a balanced diet.
This hospital doesn't seem to have good arrangements for treating patients who have been electrocuted.
There is no immediate treatment facility here for patients who have ingested poison; this is very bad.
There is a complaint that the ambulance did not arrive on time to pick up those injured in road accidents.
Patients are having problems because there are not enough beds in the burns ward here.
The medicine for snakebite victims is not always available; what kind of hospital is this?
Many people have complained that there is no space in the ICU for heart attack patients.
There is a complaint that there is no specialist doctor in this hospital for the treatment of stroke patients.
There is a complaint that broken bone patients do not receive good treatment in this hospital.
Patients often have problems because anaphylaxis medicine is not always available.
There is a complaint that the necessary equipment to save drowning victims is not available here.
There's a complaint here that accident patients don't get needed blood on time.
Many people complain that the emergency heart disease treatment service in the hospital isn't effective.
There's a complaint that there's no immediate ventilator arrangement for patients seriously injured by electric shock.
We always have to run to the medical store to get snakebite medicine.
There's no facility here to do an ECG immediately for patients who come in with a heart attack.
There's a problem because the hospital doesn't have immediate CT scan arrangements for stroke patients.
The medicine needed for patients who have consumed poison isn't always available here.
There's a complaint that it takes time to give oxygen to patients who have drowned.
The risk of infection has increased for burn patients due to not getting treatment on time.
Here, we have to wait a long time to get an operation for a broken bone.
The hospital doesn't have the monitor needed for patients who have had an electric shock.
There's a problem because there's no immediate arrangement to put anaphylaxis patients in the ICU.
Accident injured patients have to be referred to the trauma center.
When snakebite patients need a ventilator, it's not available here.
There's no facility here to do an angioplasty immediately for heart attack patients.
There's a complaint that the rehabilitation service for stroke patients isn't good.
There's no dialysis facility here for patients who have consumed poison.
We can't provide enough oxygen to patients who have drowned.
Burn patients have to be referred to other hospitals for plastic surgery.
There's a complaint that the physiotherapy service for patients with broken bones isn't effective.
There's a complaint that burn treatment isn't good for patients who got electric shock.
There's no facility to do allergy tests for patients with anaphylaxis.
There aren't enough vitamin supplements available here for accident patients.
Antiretroviral medicine needed for snake bite patients isn't always available.
Inhalers aren't available here for heart attack patients.
Even pain-relieving paracetamol isn't available on time for stroke patients.
The hospital doesn't give good counseling to patients who have taken poison.
There aren't enough arrangements to keep drowning patients warm.
There aren't enough medicines to protect burn patients from infection.
The hospital doesn't take good care of patients with broken bones.
There's a complaint that the hospital doesn't give timely treatment to patients who got electric shock.
The hospital doesn't take anaphylaxis patients seriously.
The hospital doesn't provide X-ray services immediately to accident victims.
The hospital doesn't give necessary advice to snake bite patients.
The hospital doesn't give proper counseling on time to heart attack patients.
The hospital doesn't help stroke patients with rehabilitation.
The hospital doesn't provide psychosocial support to patients who have taken poison.
The hospital doesn't pay enough attention to drowning patients.
The hospital doesn't give psychological counseling to burn patients.
The hospital doesn't arrange proper physiotherapy for patients with broken bones.
Mom's depression medicine is almost finished, need to get it prescribed again.
Is her high blood pressure medicine causing increased stress?
We need to bring some programs for suicide prevention in the village.
Where would be a good place to take my son for psychosocial counseling?
The old man has started drinking a lot, is this a sign of substance abuse?
My husband is having trouble concentrating at work because of depression.
What can be done to raise awareness about mental health in the village?
My daughter is troubled by exam stress, please suggest some solutions.
Does the antidepressant affect his liver?
It feels like people are isolated from society because of mental illness.
My elderly mother is suffering from dementia, is this also a mental illness?
What could be the reason for the increasing cases of suicide in the village?
Along with giving my son counseling, should I also give him some medicine?
My daughter-in-law has postpartum depression, what should we do?
Is a psychiatrist's help needed to quit drinking?
Does depression medicine cause muscle pain problems?
There is a need for mental health workers in the community.
I don't feel like eating because of depression, what should I do?
What kind of support is available in the community for mental health?
Can something be done to help those who commit suicide in the village?
How would it be to take my daughter for counseling?
How to get my daughter-in-law out of substance abuse?
Does depression medicine cause dizziness?
Can we organize a mental health camp in the village?
What should be done to reduce my son's exam stress?
What are the side effects of antidepressants?
What are the symptoms of mental illness?
What to do if suicidal thoughts come?
How long does it take to counsel my son?
Where is substance abuse treated?
Does weight loss happen because of depression?
Does anyone come to the village to provide information about mental health?
Does depression cause memory loss?
Is there government support for mental health problems?
What can be done in the community for suicide prevention?
Suicide prevention efforts seem weak here because counseling services haven't reached depression patients in the community.
Previously in this village, mental health problems were considered the influence of ghosts, but now people's awareness has increased and belief in psychiatry has grown.
Even though high blood pressure medicine controls blood pressure, I have found that it increases stress in some patients.
People with mental health problems are suffering more because treatment services haven't reached the village, while access to psychosocial counseling is easier in the city.
It seems that mental problems are more difficult to identify compared to physical problems, especially in rural areas.
Mental health should also be prioritized like other health problems, but that's not what we see in our society.
Compared to other medicines, there seems to be a lot of negative perceptions about mental illness medicines.
The problem is increasing because people's perspective towards people with mental illness is different compared to other diseases.
Before, people here used to go to witch doctors when they got sick, but now more people are coming to health camps for consultations.
Patients tend to get frustrated because mental illness treatment takes a long time compared to other diseases.
Unlike in the city, there isn't an environment to openly talk about mental health issues in the village.
Initially, people coming to the camp only prioritized health check-ups, but now they have started to give importance to mental health counseling as well.
In the past, suicide incidents in the village were taken normally, but now various programs have started for suicide prevention.
Unlike in the city, there is a lack of places to do yoga and meditation to reduce stress in the village.
Previously, people here considered mental health issues a matter of shame, but now they have started coming to health camps and talking openly.
Poor people have problems because the cost of treating mental health problems is high compared to other health problems.
Unlike in the city, there are no support groups in the village to help people with mental health problems.
Previously, people here used to hide mental illness inside the house, but now they have started calling health workers to show them.
Unlike in the city, a hotline service for suicide prevention is not available in the village.
There are many misconceptions about mental illness in society compared to other diseases.
I wasn't that aware about mental health before, but I learned a lot after coming to this camp.
Even though high blood pressure medicine lowers blood pressure, it can increase the risk of depression in some patients.
It seems that mental health problems are more difficult to identify compared to other health problems.
Compared to other medicines, there seems to be a lot of misconceptions about mental health medicines.
Unlike in the city, there is no rehabilitation center for people with mental health problems in the village.
Before, people here thought mental health problems were fate, but now they're coming to health camps for treatment.
Compared to other illnesses, family support is very important in treating mental illness.
Unlike in the city, there aren't trained volunteers for suicide prevention in the village.
Before, people here were afraid to talk about mental health problems, but now they're coming to health camps and talking openly.
Compared to other health problems, there's very little research on mental health problems.
Unlike in the city, there isn't a day care center for people with mental health problems in the village.
Before, people here thought mental health problems were a curse, but now they're coming to health camps for treatment.
Compared to other illnesses, treating mental illness requires a lot of patience.
Unlike in the city, there are fewer leaflets and posters about mental health problems in the village.
Before, people here hesitated to talk openly about mental health problems, but now they're coming to health camps and telling their problems.
Even though pain medication reduces suffering, it can increase the risk of depression in some patients.
I'm ready to give training on how to take care of a newborn baby.
Before vaccinating, does the child have a fever?
Give information on how to feed Jeevan Jal when they have diarrhea.
What kind of food should be given to a child to avoid malnutrition?
Do you understand what to do to keep a child's teeth healthy?
The child's growth should be monitored regularly, okay?
Iron tablets help reduce anemia in children.
If you suspect worms in the stomach, you should give worm medicine.
Massage should be done to strengthen the baby's muscles.
What to do to stop a baby from crying during vaccination?
Do you know what to do to keep a newborn warm?
If the baby's eyes look yellow, take them to the hospital immediately.
If the child has diarrhea, how many times should you give jivan jal?
How does malnutrition affect a child's physical development?
You should get the baby checked to see if their weight is appropriate for their age.
Iron tablets can make a child's stool black, don't worry.
What dose of deworming medicine should be given to children of what age?
What kind of food should be given to keep a child's liver healthy?
What to do if a child has a fever after vaccination?
For how long should a newborn be given only breast milk?
What to do if the child's growth is not good?
To avoid diarrhea, you should pay attention to hygiene.
What kind of treatment is needed for a malnourished child?
What to do if there are any problems when the baby's teeth are coming in?
Vaccinations should not be missed according to the regular vaccination schedule.
How to protect a newborn from infection?
What kind of food should be given to increase a child's weight?
What is the method for making jivan jal at home to stop diarrhea?
Iron tablets are also needed for pregnant women, okay?
If the kid has some side effect after taking the deworming medicine, what to do?
If you see any problem in the kid's eyes, take them to the hospital right away.
Did you understand what the importance of vaccination is?
How to take care of a newborn baby's umbilical cord?
What should be done to prevent growth retardation in children?
What to do to prevent dehydration in a child with diarrhea?
A child suffering from malnutrition needs special attention.
What should be done to protect a child's teeth from cavities?
Regular vaccination protects against diseases that may occur in the future.
If a child has a fever, what dosage of paracetamol should be given?
How many hours should a newborn baby sleep?
What is the correct way to weigh a baby?
What to feed and what not to feed a child during diarrhea?
What are the symptoms of malnutrition in children?
What kind of brush should be used to keep a child's teeth clean?
When coming for vaccination, be sure to bring your vaccination card.
How to know if the child's growth is going well or not?
Can diarrhea be treated at home or should you take them to the hospital?
Iron pills can cause constipation, drink plenty of water.
How many times a year should we give deworming medicine?
Many people in the village have thyroid problems, it would be good if we could have a camp.
It's very difficult for diabetes patients to get medicine, they can't always come to the hospital.
Even after taking blood pressure medicine, the headache hasn't reduced, what to do?
Many old people here have joint pain problems, it would be good to arrange arthritis treatment.
They came here after their asthma increased and they had difficulty breathing, they need oxygen immediately.
Cancer patients are increasing in the hospital, but there aren't enough doctors and equipment.
Heart patients in this ward are having problems with regular follow-ups.
Many patients are complaining that antibiotics aren't working, we need to test.
Many people are suffering from skin allergies these days, there's a problem because they're not getting treatment on time.
Many people in the village have burning urination problems, should we get their kidneys checked?
Many people are coming with complaints of stomach pain and vomiting, could there be a liver problem?
COPD patients are having a lot of trouble due to lack of oxygen, it should be arranged immediately.
Many women in the village have thyroid problems, but they don't even know it.
Many people are fainting due to high blood pressure, what's causing this?
Many people are suffering from swollen feet due to high sugar, they are in trouble because they are not getting treatment on time.
They came here after having difficulty walking due to joint pain, they are fed up with arthritis pain.
After struggling all night with difficulty breathing, they arrived at the hospital in the morning, they need asthma medicine.
Many patients are forced to stay at home because they don't have money for cancer treatment, it would be good if we could help somehow.
Many people are suffering from chest pain due to increased heart rate, they should see a doctor immediately.
Many are saying they have headaches and dizziness, could it be high blood pressure?
Many are troubled by itchy and red skin, we need to give allergy medicine.
Many are coming with problems of less urine and swollen feet, it could be a kidney problem.
Many are troubled by stomach pain, vomiting and loss of appetite, a liver test should be done.
COPD patients are having a lot of problems not getting regular medicine, we need to bring the medicine.
It's been a long time since the thyroid medicine ran out in the village, it needs to be sent immediately.
Diabetic patients are having problems with wounds on their feet not healing, where should we send them for treatment?
Complaints are coming that blood pressure is not controlled even after taking high blood pressure medicine.
Many have complained that they cannot sleep all night due to arthritis pain.
One patient could not be saved because they came to the hospital late after their asthma worsened.
Many patients have stopped treatment because cancer medicine is expensive.
Heart patients are having problems because it is far for them to come for regular check-ups.
Many patients are complaining that antidepressant medicine is not working.
Many are suffering because their skin problems are not getting better, what to do?
Patients with kidney problems are forced to go very far for dialysis.
Many patients are seriously ill due to liver problems, they need immediate treatment.
Many old people are bedridden at home due to COPD, they need oxygen.
Many women's health has deteriorated due to thyroid problems, they need counseling.
Many have had paralysis due to high blood pressure, what should be done to prevent this?
Many people's eyesight has weakened due to diabetes, they need to have their eyes checked.
Because of arthritis, many old people can't walk; they need help.
Because of asthma, many kids can't go to school; they need regular medicine.
Cancer patients are having a hard time getting pain medicine too.
Heart patients are dying because they can't get treatment on time.
Too much use of antibiotics is giving many people side effects.
Skin infections are up, so many are having to go to the hospital; we need to focus on hygiene.
We need to give kidney patients information about what to eat.
To avoid liver problems, we should advise people not to drink alcohol.
We need to keep COPD patients away from smoke; we need to raise awareness.
Many people don't know about thyroid problems, so there are issues.
It would be easier for many if we could arrange high blood pressure and diabetes checkups in the village itself.
Gum disease is up in villages because people don't focus on dental hygiene; it seems a bit less in the city because of fluoride toothpaste.
The number of people with toothaches who can't get treatment in remote places is higher than the number of people with access to dentists in the city.
Here, gum disease problems seem more complicated than problems from other causes in patients who need teeth pulled.
There's new technology for dental treatment in the city, but traditional methods are still used in the village.
Using fluoride makes teeth strong, but too much can also negatively affect teeth.
People who don't focus on oral hygiene are more likely to get gum disease than people who do.
It's better to treat gum disease early than to have to pull teeth.
Bleeding from gum disease can be more dangerous than bleeding from normal injuries.
Even though home remedies are effective for toothaches, it's important to get expert advice for gum disease.
Because there's less knowledge about dental hygiene in villages, tooth decay is more common than in cities.
Patients with gum disease are more likely to get skin infections than other patients.
Tooth extraction is easily available in villages, but quality treatment is only available in cities.
Gum disease increases with lack of oral hygiene, so it's important to see a dentist regularly.
Ignoring toothache is like inviting gum disease.
Medicines used to treat gum disease can sometimes be expensive, but health insurance can provide some relief.
It's wiser to treat gum disease before the tooth gets so decayed it needs to be pulled out.
People in villages use home remedies to reduce toothache, but people in cities go to the doctor immediately.
Gum disease can also affect other organs of the body, so it shouldn't be taken lightly.
Not paying attention to dental hygiene increases the risk of gum disease, so you should brush regularly.
Bleeding is normal if you have gum disease, but if there's excessive bleeding, you should go to the hospital immediately.
Painkillers for toothache provide immediate relief, but long-term treatment for gum disease is necessary.
Instead of extracting the tooth, it can be saved by treating gum disease.
Neglecting oral hygiene can lead to not only gum disease but also other health problems.
Using fluoride toothpaste strengthens teeth, but it's not enough for gum disease.
If teeth start to loosen due to gum disease, they may need to be extracted, but teeth can be saved if treated in time.
Rinsing with warm water is beneficial to reduce toothache, but it's not a permanent solution for gum disease.
To avoid tooth decay, you should eat less sweets, but to avoid gum disease, you should brush your teeth regularly.
Iron tablets can provide some relief to patients with gum disease, but should not be taken without a doctor's advice.
The pain of gum disease can be much more unbearable than the pain of tooth extraction.
People who take care of their mouth are less likely to get gum disease, but diabetic patients can have a higher risk.
Using fluoride helps make teeth stronger, but it's not enough to treat gum disease.
Bleeding is common in patients with gum disease, but it can increase the risk of other infections.
Home remedies used to reduce tooth pain can give immediate relief, but it's best to see a doctor for gum disease.
The lack of dental care in villages is increasing the problem of gum disease, but in the city, dentists are easily found.
It's much better to save a tooth by treating gum disease than to extract it.
Those who don't take care of their mouth are more likely to get gum disease, but the risk is even higher for smokers.
Fluoride toothpaste protects teeth, but to prevent gum disease, you need to brush regularly.
Gum disease can cause teeth to become loose and need to be extracted, but a dentist's advice can save them.
Rinsing with warm water is helpful to reduce tooth pain, but it's only a temporary solution for gum disease.
To avoid tooth decay, you should eat less sweets, but to avoid gum disease, you should visit the dentist regularly.
Iron tablets may give some relief to patients with gum disease, but they don't cure the disease.
The pain of gum disease can be more painful than the pain of extracting a tooth.
People who take care of their mouth are less likely to get gum disease, but pregnant women can have a higher risk.
Patients with gum disease may need antibiotics, but should not take them without a doctor's advice.
Although gum disease is unlikely to affect the brain, it can cause other health problems.
Painkillers for toothache provide immediate relief, but they don't treat gum disease.
Although bleeding due to gum disease is common, it should not be ignored.
Medicines used to treat gum disease can be expensive, but they provide long-term health benefits.
It is wise to save a tooth by treating gum disease instead of extracting it, because a toothless mouth is uncomfortable.
Even though using fluoride toothpaste is good for your teeth, you should also take other measures for gum health.
I think drinking alcohol in villages is more dangerous than drug addiction in cities, because it ruins the whole family.
Dad used to smoke a lot, but now after taking medicine, he has reduced it a lot, which is a good sign.
Homemade alcohol is rampant in the village, controlling it is harder than controlling cigarettes.
Herbal treatment in the village feels much better than buying expensive medicine in the city.
My father-in-law used to be very addicted to cigarettes, but now he has improved a lot with medicine.
Instead of drinking alcohol at this age, eating fruits is good for your health.
The doctor has advised not to drink alcohol, instead drinking ice water is much better.
There are many fights in the village because of alcohol, there are many crimes in the city because of drugs.
Counseling people addicted to alcohol in the village is harder than convincing drug users in the city.
Alcohol gives people momentary pleasure, but always gives sorrow to the family.
Dad tried many times to quit smoking, but it's getting even harder to quit alcohol.
Many women are suffering in the village because of alcohol, many youths are suffering in the city because of drugs.
Alcohol gives momentary happiness, but always makes the family cry.
Cigarettes affect health, but alcohol ruins the whole family.
Dad tried many times to quit alcohol, but it's still harder to quit smoking.
Counseling people addicted to alcohol in the village is easier than convincing drug users in the city.
The patient brought here has diarrhea, could it be cholera?
My son has a fever, is it okay to give him paracetamol?
Many people in the village have a cold and cough, could it be an influenza outbreak?
I suspect father has jaundice, should get a hepatitis test.
It's been many days since the neighbor's dog bit, should I get a rabies shot?
The kids have had headaches constantly, is it a symptom of meningitis?
Many people in the village have high fever, seems like a typhoid outbreak.
She vomited and fainted on the way to the hospital, maybe something's wrong with her stomach.
Mother is urinating less, could it be a kidney problem?
There are many rats in the village, I'm scared of leptospirosis.
Cholera has spread in the village, so we should only drink boiled water.
They say you feel weak even after typhoid is cured, is that true?
You should rest after getting a cold, otherwise you'll get influenza.
How long does it take for jaundice to heal, do I need to take hepatitis medicine?
You should get a rabies shot on time after a dog bite.
What precautions should we take to avoid meningitis?
The doctor gave medicine after looking at the typhoid report.
We should pay attention to cleanliness to avoid leptospirosis.
Should we get vaccinated to avoid cholera?
For how many days does the fever of typhoid last?
If you see symptoms of influenza, you should see a doctor immediately.
What kind of food should we eat to avoid hepatitis?
Should dogs be vaccinated to prevent rabies?
How long do you have to treat meningitis for?
You should go to the hospital immediately if you see symptoms of leptospirosis.
There's a fever outbreak in the village, so I think I need to get a typhoid test.
My child has a fever, will a normal urine test show anything?
My daughter has a stomach ache, should we do an ultrasound?
The doctor said I need a biopsy for my skin problem, do you do it here?
My grandson needs an X-ray, how much will it cost?
My father has chest pain, where should I go to get an ECG?
Does this medicine affect the pregnancy test results?
The doctor sent me for a blood test, do you have blood test facilities here?
I suspect my son has pneumonia, should he get a sputum test?
I'm so tired of headaches, should I get a CT scan?
The doctor said I need an eye exam, what tests do I need to do?
My sister is feeling dizzy, should she get an MRI?
Will this medicine cause a false result if I do a urine test after taking it?
How many days after can I do a pregnancy test to find out if I'm pregnant?
Do you guys come home for blood tests?
Will this medicine make any difference in the blood test report?
The doctor recommended an ultrasound, do you do it here?
My child needs an X-ray, how long will it take?
Do you guys also do ECGs?
What kind of preparation is needed for a pregnancy test?
How long does it take to get the urine test report?
How much does it cost to do a CT scan?
How much does it hurt when doing a biopsy?
How long do I have to wait for an MRI?
Can I get the sputum test report right away?
What time should I come in the morning for a blood test here?
Do I need to be fasting for an ultrasound?
Do I need to do any preparation for an X-ray?
How long does it take to do an ECG?
If I take this medicine, will the pregnancy test result be accurate?
Can I see the blood test report online?
Do I need to make an appointment for an ultrasound?
Is there a risk of radiation when doing an X-ray?
Does it hurt when doing an ECG?
What kind of kit is available here for a pregnancy test?
How much does a urine test cost?
What kind of facility is available here for a CT scan?
How many days does it take to get a biopsy report?
What kind of machine do you have here for MRI?
How do you do a sputum test?
Should I show the blood test report to the doctor or not?
Does ultrasound affect the baby?
How long does it take to get the X-ray report?
Is there any danger when doing an ECG?
How many times should I get checked for a pregnancy test?
Should I avoid eating anything when doing a urine test?
Does it hurt when doing a CT scan?
What kind of preparation should I do when doing a biopsy?
Does it make any noise when doing an MRI?
What kind of container is needed for a sputum test?
The doctor said to do an MRI to check my eyes, how much will it cost?
Looks like grandpa's diabetes medicine isn't working, should we get him checked?
My sister is having a lot of trouble with her thyroid problem, what should we do now?
Grandma's eyesight is blurry, is it because of age or something else?
Does calcium deficiency weaken bones and joints at this age?
What is appropriate to feed in this condition to strengthen bones?
Can Ayurvedic medicine also be used in cancer treatment?
What kind of food should we eat to avoid cancer?
How can you prevent getting cancer?
How expensive is cancer treatment?
Does yoga and meditation help to cure cancer?
My dad's heartbeat is irregular, what could be the reason?
What should be done to avoid eye problems at this age?
How to manage the expenses for cancer treatment?
Treating snake bite victims after an earthquake is more complex than treating patients with a normal headache.
At this primary health center, it is harder to save those who have consumed poison than those injured by electric shock.
Here, treating a broken bone is easier than treating burn wounds.
In the village, there is a higher risk of dying on the way to the hospital for heart attack patients than reaching the hospital, but lives can be saved if the ambulance arrives on time.
Giving an inhaler to an asthma patient for immediate relief is more important than giving an iron tablet.
Many people are injured after the earthquake destroyed houses, so it is necessary to give life-saving medicine rather than medicine for common pain.
At this health post, it is harder to save people who have consumed poison than to save people who have drowned and are unconscious.
In this post-earthquake situation, distributing Jeevan Jal is more important than distributing diarrhea medicine.
Here, giving epinephrine to a patient with anaphylaxis is more urgently needed than giving paracetamol to a patient with viral fever.
In this earthquake-affected area, it is important to prioritize seriously ill patients over patients with minor injuries.
At this primary health center, treating a patient who has consumed poison is more challenging than treating a patient with a snake bite.
Here, saving a patient who has had an electric shock is more important than bandaging a patient with a broken bone.
During an earthquake, the priority should be to take seriously ill patients to the hospital rather than giving first aid to people with minor injuries.
In rural areas, the number of deaths from heart attacks due to lack of timely treatment is higher than the number of deaths from strokes.
Here, instead of giving medicine to burn patients, it's important to get them to the hospital on time.
In the time after the earthquake, people need iron tablets more than vitamin supplements.
In this health post, treating snake bite patients is more expensive than treating poisoning patients.
Here, treating anaphylaxis patients immediately is more important than treating common allergy patients.
In this primary health center, treating electric shock injuries is more complex than treating joint pain patients.
Because of the earthquake, many people need vitamin supplements more than antiparasitic medicine.
In this health post, treating broken bones is less challenging than treating burns.
In the current situation, it's harder to save poisoning patients than diarrhea patients.
Because of the earthquake, many people have fever problems, in this situation, giving paracetamol is more important than giving vitamin supplements.
Here, giving anti-venom to snake bite patients is more important than giving common pain relief medicine.
In this health post, treating broken bone patients takes more time than treating joint pain patients.
In the situation after the earthquake, distributing Jeevan Jal is more important than distributing iron tablets.
In this area, it's harder to save electric shock injury patients than drowning victims.
Here, treating anaphylaxis patients immediately is more important than giving paracetamol to fever patients.
In this primary health center, it's harder to save poisoning patients than snake bite patients because the type of poison is unknown.
In this place damaged by the earthquake, getting seriously ill patients to the hospital is a priority over seeing patients with minor injuries.
In this health post, treating burn patients is more challenging than treating broken bone patients.
Here, there is more demand for iron tablets than antiparasitic medicine, because many people are feeling weak.
In the time after the earthquake, giving pain relief medicine is more necessary than giving antibiotic medicine.
In this health post, treating stroke patients is more complex than treating heart attack patients.
In this area, treating drowning patients is harder than treating electric shock patients.
Because of the earthquake, many people have joint pain, so giving pain medicine is more important than giving vitamin supplements.
Here, giving antivenom to snake bite patients is more urgent than giving normal pain medicine.
In this health post, anaphylaxis treatment should be faster than treating normal allergies.
After the earthquake, distributing Jeevan Jal is more important than distributing iron tablets.
In this health post, saving electric shock patients is more important than bandaging broken bones.
In this health post, snake bite patients should be taken to the hospital faster than poisoning patients.
After the earthquake, there is more demand for Jeevan Jal than diarrhea medicine.
Here, anaphylaxis medicine should always be in stock because it's more important than normal allergy medicine.
In this area, treating broken bone patients is easier than treating burn patients.
Because of the earthquake, many people have pain problems, so giving pain medicine is more important than giving vitamin supplements.
In this health post, the demand for antiparasitic medicine is less than for vitamin supplements.
Here, taking stroke patients to the hospital as soon as possible is more important than taking heart attack patients.
In this earthquake-affected area, taking serious patients to the hospital is the priority, not treating minor injuries.
In this health post, treating electric shock injuries is more challenging than treating joint pain patients.
Here, taking broken bone patients to the hospital immediately is more important than giving them pain medicine.
Doctor, I'm tired of my joint pain, could it be a vitamin deficiency?
How to work with such a weak body, you should eat protein-rich food.
I feel dizzy because of iron deficiency, what should I eat?
The doctor always says to eat a balanced diet, but how to eat it?
I saw so many malnourished kids here, hasn't the government brought any nutrition program?
Diarrhea has bothered many this monsoon, they say to drink boiled water.
What extra food do they give to new mothers in the hospital?
There's a risk of goiter in children due to iodine deficiency, we must check if the salt has iodine.
The doctor prescribed me antidepressants, I don't feel like eating at all.
My obesity has increased due to the habit of eating too much sweet, how to reduce it?
Many people in the village are still victims of malnutrition, there's a need for nutrition education.
Doctor, why does my stomach keep acting up like this, is there a problem with my liver?
I heard this medicine fulfills the deficiency of vitamins!
My son's teeth are weak, it must be due to calcium and vitamin D deficiency.
The doctor told me to increase the amount of protein, what should I eat?
It's difficult for the poor to eat a balanced diet, the government does nothing.
How to know if this medicine fulfills the iron deficiency?
The doctor said, "You have iodine deficiency, eat iodized salt.
The doctor advised me to exercise to reduce obesity.
Due to malnutrition, the growth and development of children doesn't happen well, is it true?
I heard iodine deficiency in childhood affects brain development, I'm scared.
It's difficult for me to walk because of obesity, what should I do?
Doctor, my joints hurt a lot, is it vitamin D deficiency?
The doctor told me to eat meat and fish to increase the amount of protein, but I'm a vegetarian.
I always feel tired because of iron deficiency, what should I do?
What kind of food is included in a balanced diet, I don't know.
Why doesn't a child gain weight due to malnutrition?
What other effects does iodine deficiency have besides goiter?
My knee pain problem has increased due to obesity, what should I do now?
Many people in the village don't even know about supplementary food.
According to the doctor, vitamin deficiency weakens teeth.
Doctor, I feel like my muscles are weak due to protein deficiency.
Hair loss problem has increased due to iron deficiency, what should I do?
Many children get sick because they don't get a balanced diet.
I had heard that iodine deficiency affects a child's mental development.
What nutrients should be in supplementary food?
Do you have biopsy test arrangements for patients with eye problems in this rehabilitation center?
I have a spine problem, so the doctor suggested a biopsy, is it done here?
A biopsy needs to be done because the problem was not detected even after the ultrasound, is this facility available here?
How many days does it take for the biopsy report to come here?
The doctor said I need to have a biopsy, but I'm scared, is it very painful?
What kind of preparation is needed when doing a biopsy here?
The doctor said I need to have an ultrasound, from what time is it done here?
What did the doctor say after looking at the biopsy report?
What is the doctor trying to find out by doing an ultrasound?
What kind of equipment do you have here at the rehab center for eye exams?
Is a biopsy needed for ear check-ups here?
Do you have modern equipment for biopsies here?
Do I need to come with an empty stomach to do an ultrasound here?
How long does it take for a biopsy here?
How much does it cost to do an ultrasound here?
How painful is it to get a biopsy here?
Many children who came to the hospital after the earthquake are showing signs of malnutrition.
Most of the parents who come here complain that their children have diarrhea.
The number of people coming to get information about how to care for newborns is also increasing.
It seems we need to start a campaign to find and vaccinate children who have missed their regular vaccinations.
Many children are showing skin infections, so it's important to pay attention to hygiene.
Some children who came to the hospital had dental problems, so I suggested they see a dentist.
Due to the earthquake, many children have been mentally affected, so the demand for antidepressant medicine has increased.
The thinness seen in the children here worries me; we need to find a solution.
The child's growth should be monitored by checking their weight regularly.
Lack of nutritious food has hindered the physical development of children.
Many children here have had fever problems after the earthquake.
Due to not getting vaccinated on time, the infection of various diseases has increased in children.
Malnutrition has affected the physical and mental development of children.
Living in houses damaged by the earthquake has increased respiratory problems in children.
Many children here have worm infections, so we need to distribute deworming medicine.
Many mothers want to know how to breastfeed their babies.
Due to lack of nutrition, children are having more joint pain problems.
We need to check if children need vitamin supplements.
Some children who came to the hospital showed symptoms of pneumonia.
We need to do lab tests to find out the cause of diarrhea in children here.
The earthquake has affected children's growth, and it's a challenge to improve it.
Special care should be taken to protect newborns from infection.
I suggested to parents to monitor their child's growth by checking their weight regularly.
Malnutrition has weakened children's immune systems.
Children from families displaced by the earthquake have increased mental stress; they might need antidepressants.
Children here should be given deworming medicine regularly.
Many mothers are asking what to feed their children to keep them healthy.
Due to lack of nutrition, children's teeth have become weak.
Children should be informed about the importance of vitamin supplements.
Some children who came to the hospital also had asthma problems; they might need inhalers.
The outbreak of diarrhea is increasing in children here; special steps must be taken to control it.
Immediate action should be taken to reduce the impact of the earthquake on children's nutrition.
We should take care to keep newborns warm and protect them from infection.
Children need to have regular health check-ups.
We should provide information about the effects of malnutrition on children's future.
Psychosocial counseling services should be provided to reduce the impact of the earthquake on children's mental health.
Health camps should be conducted to give deworming medicine to the children here.
Many mothers are asking about when to vaccinate their children.
Due to lack of nutrition, children are having skin allergy problems.
Children should be given nutritious food along with vitamin supplements.
Children coming to the hospital are having breathing problems, they should be treated on time.
The reason for diarrhea in children here may be contaminated water, drinking water should be tested.
The earthquake has greatly affected children's nutrition and health, immediate steps should be taken to improve it.
Mothers should be encouraged to breastfeed newborns regularly.
Children should be brought to the health facility every month to monitor their growth.
Malnutrition also affects children's memory, it should be addressed in time.
The earthquake has changed children's daily lives, we should help to normalize it.
Health workers should be sent to schools to give deworming medicine to the children here.
Many mothers ask for information on what to do if their child has a fever.
Due to lack of nutrition, children's immunity is weakened, so vitamin supplements need to be given.
Malnutrition was seen in children coming for vaccination, how to solve this?
This child has a fever, is it okay to vaccinate?
What things should we consider before vaccinating a child with diarrhea?
We should monitor the child's growth by regularly taking their weight, right?
This newborn needs special care, we should counsel the mother.
Should we postpone the vaccination program because many children have diarrhea and vomiting today?
We should focus on nutrition to reduce the problem of stunting in children.
It is good to give deworming medicine to the child before vaccination.
Malnutrition can weaken a child's heart, so we should pay attention to it on time.
This child's joints are hurting, is it because of the vaccine?
It is normal for a child to have a mild fever after vaccination.
After vaccinating a child, they should be monitored for at least half an hour.
This child has a stomach ache, is it an effect of the vaccine?
We should check if the child is malnourished at the time of vaccination.
If the child is not vaccinated on time, there is a possibility of getting a serious illness.
This child looks very weak, they should be given vitamin supplements immediately.
Special programs should be conducted for children who have missed vaccinations.
Is it safe to vaccinate a child with diarrhea, we should ask once.
Proper nutrition is necessary for a child's brain development, we should counsel the mother.
If the child has an allergic reaction after vaccination, they should be treated immediately.
When monitoring a child's growth, both weight and height should be measured.
Both the mother and the family have an important role in newborn care.
This kid keeps getting fever, we need to find out the reason.
After vaccination, the child should be monitored for at least a week.
This child is very underweight, they should be sent to a nutrition rehabilitation center immediately.
Special attention should be paid to hygiene to prevent diarrhea.
Awareness should be raised at the community level to make the vaccination program effective.
This child may have diarrhea due to malnutrition.
Deworming medicine should be given on time for the proper development of the child.
Some measures should be taken to reduce pain for the child during vaccination.
This child should be given paracetamol to control the fever.
Malnutrition weakens a child's immune system.
Children can be protected from many diseases by vaccinating them on time.
Oral rehydration solution should be given to a child with diarrhea.
Newborns should be breastfed regularly.
This child's growth is not going well, further testing may be needed.
Parents should be informed about the vaccine before vaccination.
Information about nutritious food should be given to protect this child from malnutrition.
Clean water should be drunk to prevent diarrhea.
It is the duty of parents to vaccinate their children on time.
This child's health is weak, vitamin supplements should be given.
Malnutrition affects a child's physical and mental development.
For a newborn baby, mother's milk is like nectar.
Special vaccination camps should be conducted for children who have missed vaccinations.
This child might have worms in their stomach, they should be given deworming medicine.
Malnutrition increases the risk of various infections in children.
A child with diarrhea should be given plenty of fluids.
This child should have regular health check-ups.
If the child has any problems after vaccination, contact a health worker immediately.
How important are iron tablets for pregnant women, and what are the benefits?
What kind of food should be given to a mother during postpartum so that the baby gets good milk?
Does using family planning methods cause problems having children in the future?
What complications can arise if a woman has high blood pressure during pregnancy?
What effect does breastfeeding a newborn have on the mother's health?
What foods are beneficial for both mother and baby during pregnancy?
Why is it necessary to go to the hospital for a safe delivery?
What kind of nutrition does a mother need after giving birth so that her body doesn't become weak?
What should be done if there is abdominal pain or bleeding during pregnancy?
At what age is it safe to use family planning methods?
How to maintain good mental health for a mother after the baby is born?
What kind of medicine should a mother not take while breastfeeding?
What kind of physical exercise is safe for a mother during postpartum?
What to do if a baby has a congenital disease?
What side effects can you see when using temporary family planning methods?
What kind of mental stress during pregnancy is dangerous for the mother?
What kind of changes happen in a mother's body during postpartum?
What should you do if a baby has difficulty breathing right after birth?
What should be done to prevent dehydration in a pregnant mother?
Is it okay for a pregnant mother to take high blood pressure medicine?
How to get information about permanent family planning methods?
What should be done to protect a mother from infection during postpartum?
If a pregnant mother has diabetes, how does it affect the baby?
How long should a mother rest after giving birth?
Where can you find temporary family planning methods?
What kind of infection is dangerous for a mother during postpartum?
If a pregnant mother has high blood pressure, how does it affect the baby?
Due to the earthquake, many people are experiencing malnutrition, which has reduced their immunity.
Due to the earthquake, many people are experiencing mental stress, which has reduced their immunity.
Due to the earthquake, many people are experiencing malnutrition, which has reduced their immunity and increased the risk of various infections.
Eating honey when you have a cough is safer than drinking cough syrup.
Lifestyle changes are more important than taking medicine for diabetic patients.
Resting when you have a headache is safer than taking a painkiller.
When you have a fever, taking paracetamol works faster than using home remedies.
Adopting a healthy lifestyle is much more important than taking medicine.
What kind of programs do you run here at the de-addiction center to help my son quit drinking?
What kind of food arrangements are there for patients addicted to alcohol here?
What kind of counseling services do you have here for the problem of getting anxious when it's hard to quit drinking?
Are patients quitting alcohol allowed to meet with their families here?
Alcohol has affected my son's lungs, do you treat that here?
What is the rehabilitation program like for people quitting alcohol here?
What kind of yoga and meditation is done for the patients who come here?
Do you treat liver damage caused by alcohol here?
Is there a connection between my father's hearing loss and his alcohol addiction?
Is there a group therapy arrangement for patients quitting alcohol here?
What kind of support does a family need after their son gets addicted to alcohol?
What kind of environment is there for those who want to quit alcohol here?
What modern technologies are used here to get rid of alcohol addiction?
What kind of sports facilities are there for patients quitting alcohol here?
Do you treat mental problems caused by alcohol here?
Are patients quitting alcohol given spiritual knowledge here?
What should be the role of the family in getting rid of alcohol addiction here?
What kinds of entertainment programs are there for patients quitting alcohol here?
Is there a helpline number here for people who want to quit drinking?
What kind of psychological treatment is there for alcohol addiction here?
What kind of training is given to patients who want to quit drinking here?
What kind of library is there for people who want to quit drinking here?
What kind of medicine is used here to treat alcohol addiction?
If a patient faints from electric shock, bring them to the hospital immediately.
Tie a rope above the snake bite and take them to the hospital immediately.
Pour cold water on the burn immediately and cover it with a clean cloth.
If you suspect a heart attack, call an ambulance immediately.
Take the poisoned patient to the hospital immediately and do not try to induce vomiting.
After taking the drowned person out of the water, give artificial respiration and take them to the hospital.
Bandage the fractured bone immediately and do not let it move.
If blood pressure increases, take antihypertensive medicine immediately.
If you have a headache or dizziness, go to the nearest health post immediately.
If something gets in your eye, wash it with clean water immediately.
If you have a toothache, rinse with warm water mixed with salt.
If a stomach ache doesn't get better with home remedies, see a doctor.
Press a clean cloth firmly on the bleeding wound.
Give oxygen if breathing is difficult.
Diabetic patients should take insulin regularly.
Take your depression medicine regularly.
Admit the patient to the emergency room immediately.
Take the electrocuted injured person to the nearest hospital.
Give the poisoned patient the antidote immediately.
Take the burned patient to the burn ward immediately.
Take the stroke patient to the hospital as soon as possible.
Give the anaphylaxis patient an epinephrine injection.
Give first aid to the accident injured patient immediately.
Give the snake bitten patient anti-venom.
Put a plaster on the patient with the broken bone.
Put the drowned unconscious patient on a ventilator.
Give a blood transfusion to the patient with excessive bleeding.
Examine the patient with severe stomach pain immediately.
Take the patient with an eye injury to an eye specialist.
Send the patient with dental problems to a dentist.
If electrocution burns the body, apply ointment to the burned area immediately.
Take the heart attack patient to a heart hospital immediately.
If you see signs of a stroke, get treatment on time, otherwise you could die.
To avoid anaphylaxis caused by allergies, don't eat foods that cause allergies.
Surgery may be needed to fix a broken bone from an accident.
The snake venom has already affected him, so take the patient to the ICU immediately.
After giving medicine to the poisoned patient, let them rest.
Give artificial respiration to the patient who is unconscious from electric shock to bring them back to consciousness.
Keep the burn wound clean and dress it regularly to prevent infection.
Try to save the drowning patient by giving them oxygen.
Encourage the patient bitten by a snake to keep their spirits high.
Call an ambulance to take the heart attack patient to the hospital immediately.
Don't try to make a poisoned patient vomit, it can cause further damage.
Take the patient injured by electric shock to the nearest hospital.
Immediately apply cold water to the burnt area, do not use ice.
After taking the drowned person out of the water, cover them with warm clothes.
If you suspect a bone fracture, get an X-ray to check.
If you see symptoms of anaphylaxis, go to the emergency room immediately.
This fever is a little different from a cold, it also has chest pain.
This headache is much more unbearable than a normal headache, and I'm also vomiting.
It's harder to breathe from coughing than usual, I should get it checked.
Feeling tired is normal, but this time the fatigue makes it hard to work.
The problem of swelling in the hands and feet has increased compared to before, I should see a doctor immediately.
There is more bleeding than from a normal injury, this is not a good sign.
I've never seen this kind of rash before, is this some new infection?
This time I'm having more trouble breathing than usual, I wonder if my asthma is acting up.
The cough I had before was normal, but now I have a cough that hurts my chest.
Before, only my head hurt, but now I feel nauseous too, I should get it checked.
I used to get fevers before too, but this time my body aches so much, I'm exhausted.
I used to feel a little tired, but now I'm having trouble even getting out of bed.
It used to swell a little, but now it's really swollen, I wonder what's wrong?
I used to bleed before, but this time it just won't stop.
I used to get rashes before, but this time they're so itchy, it's driving me crazy.
I used to have trouble breathing before, but this time it's even harder.
It's not just a cough like before, now my chest hurts too.
It's not just a headache like before, now I'm also vomiting.
I had a fever before, but this time my body also aches.
It's not just tiredness like before, now it's hard to even get out of bed.
It's not just a little swelling like before, now it's really swollen.
I used to bleed before, but this time I'm bleeding a lot.
I used to get rashes before, but this time they're so itchy, it's driving me crazy.
I used to have trouble breathing before, but this time it's much harder.
With this fever, my joints are also hurting, I haven't had this before.
My blood seems thinner than before, I bleed a lot even with a small cut.
Before, my headache would go away after resting for a while, but now I have to take medicine to reduce the pain.
Before, a cough would get better with home remedies, but now I have to go to the doctor.
Before, I used to get tired easily even with little work, but now I don't even feel like working.
I didn't have these rashes on my skin before, this looks like an allergy.
I didn't have breathing problems before, but now it's hard to breathe.
I didn't have nausea before, but now I feel nauseous even when I see food.
Before, when I had a fever, only my body would be hot, but now I also have chills.
This cough is hurting my chest more than before, and it's hard to sleep at night.
The problem of swelling in my hands and feet has increased compared to before, I might need a blood test.
Pregnant women can be affected by malaria, so be careful.
It's hard to say if this fever is typhoid or not without a test, get it checked immediately.
The best way to avoid dengue is to avoid mosquito bites.
It can be dangerous if a pregnant woman with high blood pressure doesn't take her medication regularly.
If you suspect tuberculosis, get a sputum test immediately, don't delay.
Mothers with diabetes should pay special attention to their diet.
The risk of COVID-19 is not over yet, don't forget to wear a mask.
Take precautions when working in dirty water to avoid leptospirosis.
To avoid hepatitis, pay attention to clean water and sanitation.
If you have joint pain, rest and consult a doctor.
If you have a high fever during pregnancy, get tested for malaria.
If you have symptoms of typhoid, go to the hospital immediately.
Dengue outbreak is increasing, don't let water collect around your house.
To control high blood pressure, reduce salt intake.
To cure tuberculosis, regular medication is necessary.
To control diabetes, don't eat sweet things.
To avoid Covid-19, maintain social distance.
Get vaccinated to avoid hepatitis.
If you have back pain, rest and don't lift heavy things.
If you have a fever and are having difficulty breathing, get tested for Covid-19.
Drink only clean water to avoid cholera.
If you suspect malaria, get a blood test immediately.
Diabetic patients should get regular health checkups.
Be careful to avoid dengue infection.
To avoid typhoid, cook food thoroughly before eating.
If you have high blood pressure, take medicine regularly.
Don't skip TB medicine, complete the full course.
If you have diarrhea, contact the nearest health post.
If you have symptoms of Covid-19, get tested immediately and isolate yourself.
To avoid leptospirosis, wear gloves and boots when working in the fields.
To avoid hepatitis, don't use needles that others have used.
If you have a fever, take paracetamol, but don't self-medicate.
Use mosquito nets to prevent malaria infection during pregnancy.
If you have a persistent cough, get tested for tuberculosis.
Keep your surroundings clean to avoid dengue.
Do regular exercise to avoid high blood pressure.
Always drink boiled water to avoid cholera.
If you suspect leptospirosis, consult a doctor immediately.
Diabetic patients should take special care of their feet.
Avoid eating outside food to prevent typhoid.
If you have tuberculosis, get your family members checked as well.
Get vaccinated to protect yourself from Covid-19.
Avoid unprotected sex to prevent hepatitis.
If you have a fever for a long time, get tested for leptospirosis.
Stay indoors in the evening to avoid malaria.
If you have chest pain and difficulty breathing, come to the hospital immediately.
If you have a fever, take paracetamol and rest.
If your headache doesn't subside, take a painkiller tablet.
If you feel nauseous, drink a little ginger juice, you'll feel better.
If you vomit, eat liquid foods to prevent dehydration.
If you feel tired, rest and drink plenty of water.
If you see swelling in your body, reduce salt intake and consult a doctor.
If you bleed, press it with a clean cloth right away and go to the hospital.
If you see red spots on your skin, apply anti-itch cream and see a doctor.
If you have chest pain and feel dizzy, call an ambulance immediately.
If you have had a cough for a long time, get tested for tuberculosis.
If your eyes are red or itchy, use eye drops.
If you have an earache, apply warm water and go to the doctor.
If you feel like your heart is racing due to chest pain, go to the hospital immediately.
If the fever doesn't go down, get a blood test once.
If you have a headache along with blurred vision, see a neurologist.
If you have a lot of nausea, don't take any medicine without a doctor's advice.
If you see blood in your vomit, get admitted to the hospital immediately.
If your chest hurts from coughing, take steam with hot water.
To reduce fatigue, exercise regularly.
If any part of your body is swollen and painful, apply an ice pack.
If the bleeding doesn't stop, go to the doctor immediately.
If you see a skin allergy, take antihistamine medicine.
If you have difficulty breathing, you may need oxygen, go to the hospital.
If you have a fever and body aches, take paracetamol and rest.
To stop vomiting, drink water little by little.
If the cough doesn't get better, get a chest X-ray once.
If you feel tired, eat enough vitamin-rich foods.
Drink plenty of water to reduce body swelling.
Put a clean bandage on the bleeding area.
Don't apply any cream to skin rashes without a doctor's advice.
If you have difficulty breathing, contact the hospital immediately.
When you have a headache, get enough sleep.
When you feel nauseous, don't eat oily food.
After vomiting, don't keep your stomach empty, eat easily digestible food.
When you have a cough, avoid dust and smoke.
If you feel tired, reduce your caffeine intake.
When bleeding, don't stress, stay calm.
Protect skin rashes from the sun.
If you have difficulty breathing, wear the oxygen mask given by the doctor.
When you have a fever, you shouldn't shower, wipe your body instead.
When you have a headache, rest your eyes.
When you feel nauseous, don't stay in places with strong smells.
Brush your teeth immediately after vomiting.
If you have a cough, gargle with salt water.
I panicked after hearing the news that cholera has spread in the village, we must take precautions here.
Diabetic patients are also at risk of hepatitis, get regular checkups.
Patients taking medicine for high blood pressure are starting to show liver problems.
Special attention should be given when prescribing medicines that affect the liver to TB patients.
Due to the increased outbreak of malaria, fever patients are increasing in the village, get tested immediately if you suspect hepatitis.
Due to the increased dengue infection, the possibility of affecting the liver has also increased, you should rest.
Many patients have shown liver problems after Covid-19, it is good to get tested.
Even after typhoid is cured, some patients may show symptoms of hepatitis, pay attention.
Many leptospirosis patients have come this year, liver examination is necessary.
Due to diabetes, there is a problem of fat accumulation in the liver, pay attention to your diet.
It seems like I need to get checked to see if the high blood pressure medicine has affected my liver.
Can a patient undergoing TB treatment be vaccinated against hepatitis?
The medicine used to treat malaria can affect the liver, be aware.
What should be done to protect the liver of patients with dengue fever?
Those who have recovered from Covid have shown a risk of hepatitis, testing is necessary.
It seems like the typhoid medicine has weakened my liver, what to do?
Please provide information on how to protect the liver during a cholera epidemic.
Please explain how leptospirosis affects the liver.
How much is the risk of diabetes for people with liver problems?
Which medicine to give to a patient with both high blood pressure and hepatitis?
How to treat a TB patient if they have hepatitis?
What to do if you get malaria and hepatitis at the same time?
What should we do to avoid dengue and hepatitis infections?
How to avoid COVID and hepatitis at the same time?
What are the symptoms of typhoid and hepatitis?
How to protect the liver during cholera?
What to do to protect the liver from leptospirosis?
What should be done to prevent hepatitis patients from getting diabetes?
What kind of food should be given to hepatitis patients with high blood pressure?
How to avoid the risk of hepatitis during tuberculosis?
What to do if malaria medicine affects the liver?
How to strengthen the liver during a dengue infection?
What to feed people whose liver is weak after COVID?
How to keep the liver healthy after recovering from typhoid?
What to eat for the liver to avoid cholera?
How to rest the liver when you have leptospirosis?
The outbreak of hepatitis is increasing in the village, how to control it?
I heard that medicine to control high blood pressure affects the liver, is this true?
I heard that TB medicine damages the liver, so I'm scared.
Is there medicine available that doesn't affect the liver when treating malaria?
Should I get a liver checkup after recovering from dengue?
What should be done to keep the liver healthy during COVID?
If typhoid medicine weakens the liver, what should I eat?
What foods strengthen the liver to prevent cholera?
How to protect the liver during leptospirosis treatment?
Diabetic patients are at risk of hepatitis, so be careful, I said.
Patients with high blood pressure may experience liver problems, so get regular check-ups, I informed.
Tuberculosis medicine affects the liver, so seek medical advice, I said.
To prevent malaria, use mosquito nets and eat foods that keep the liver healthy, I suggested.
To prevent dengue, pay attention to cleanliness and eat foods that are beneficial for the liver, I informed.
When will the health camp for vaccination be held, sister?
Can I also get cancer screening done during a regular health check-up?
Besides paying attention to hand hygiene, what else should I pay attention to?
What types of vaccines are available here under the adult vaccination program?
Does this rehabilitation center have a safe water supply?
What measures have been taken here to control mosquitoes?
How long do I have to wait to get my blood pressure checked?
Is it possible to get regular check-ups for diabetes here?
Do you have kidney, liver, heart, and lung check-ups here?
How often should I take this paracetamol tablet to reduce pain?
For this infection, how many days should I take the antibiotic?
Do I need to take iron tablets because of iron deficiency in my body?
How do diabetic patients use insulin?
How to register here for adult vaccination?
How much does it cost for a regular checkup?
Is there also an eye checkup available at the health camp?
Can I get my blood pressure checked regularly here?
What documents are needed for cancer screening?
What precautions should be taken to drink safe water?
What can we do at home for mosquito control?
Can any side effects appear after getting the adult vaccine?
Why is regular health checkup important?
For hand hygiene, how long should we wash our hands with soap and water?
What kinds of disease vaccines are available here?
Is there an adult vaccination program in this rehabilitation center?
Is there a heart checkup in the regular checkup?
Is there a special checkup arrangement for women at the health camp?
Do you have modern equipment for cancer screening here?
For safe water, how long should we boil and keep the water?
What should I wear to avoid mosquito bites?
Is there an age limit to get the adult vaccine?
Do I have to come in the morning for blood pressure checkup here, or is it also available in the afternoon?
Where to register for an eye checkup?
Is kidney dialysis service available here?
What kind of treatment is available here for liver problems?
Which doctor should I see for a heart checkup?
Do you have a specialist doctor here for lung problems?
What to do if paracetamol tablet doesn't reduce fever?
What to do if I get a stomach ache from antibiotics?
What to do if I get constipated from taking iron tablets?
What is the correct way to inject insulin?
Where can I get more information about adult vaccinations?
Do I need to make an appointment for a regular checkup?
Which diseases are treated at the health camp?
How many days does it take to get the cancer screening report?
Is it okay to use a filter for safe drinking water?
Which medicine should I use to control mosquitoes?
Do I need to be on an empty stomach when checking blood pressure?
Do I need to wear glasses when getting my eyes checked?
Do you treat kidney stones here?
How can earthquake victims get free health services from here?
When is the health camp being organized, can I get information?
How to arrange an ambulance to take patients to the hospital during a disaster?
Do you have heart medicine here? If not, where can I get a referral to?
If I have chest pain and it's difficult, is it okay to call the emergency helpline number?
Do patients whose houses were destroyed by the earthquake have health insurance benefits?
Is telemedicine service available for patients who are far away, please let me know.
What to do if I don't have money to buy medicine for stomach ache right now?
If this antibiotic medicine doesn't work, what other options are there? Is there a referral system?
What to do if I get a skin allergy from applying this antifungal cream?
Where is the health camp for diarrhea that spread after the earthquake?
What happens if I contact the emergency helpline when there are no health workers?
Do we get treatment during a disaster even if we don't have a health insurance card?
Who to contact if there are side effects from this medicine, where can I get free health service?
There is an asthma patient at home, where should I go to get an inhaler right now?
The doctor didn't say how many times to take this medicine, can I ask through telemedicine?
Is the bill for this medicine covered by health insurance or not?
Which number to call to call an ambulance to go to the hospital in an emergency?
Where is the health camp running for those injured after the earthquake?
How is free health service available to those with weak financial conditions?
If this parasite medicine doesn't work, can I get a referral?
Can someone without health insurance also get help from the emergency helpline?
Is treatment free for patients who were buried in the earthquake?
I spent a lot of money buying this medicine, is there any help available?
How to get telemedicine service for stomach problems?
Where is the health camp organized to prevent post-earthquake epidemics?
What is the emergency helpline number for ambulance service?
My health insurance renewal deadline has passed, what to do now?
Who to ask for more information about this medicine, where is the referral?
What documents are needed to get free health service?
Where can I find the online form for telemedicine service?
What happens if I can't show my health insurance card in an emergency?
What kind of facilities are available if earthquake injured people are taken to the health camp?
This medicine is very expensive, is there a place to find it cheaper?
Does the hospital provide treatment without a referral letter?
What to do if I can't get an ambulance during a disaster? Can I call the emergency helpline?
How long does it take to get a health insurance claim payment?
My skin is getting allergic, can I get advice from telemedicine service?
I vomited after taking this medicine, is this a side effect?
How to find out where to get free health service in an emergency?
Do I need to register my name at the health camp or can I get treatment directly?
Who to contact to understand about health insurance?
Earthquake destroyed my house and I don't have money to buy medicine, can I get free medicine?
How many days should I take this antiparasitic medicine? The doctor didn't say. What to do?
Does my health insurance cover this medicine or not?
Is there a discount when buying this medicine or not?
Do I need an ID card to get health services during a disaster or not?
Is there a cheaper alternative to this medicine? What to do for a referral?
When visiting patients in the ICU, pay attention to hand hygiene, otherwise the risk of infection may increase.
Before getting an adult vaccine, inform your doctor about your health condition, otherwise complications may arise.
When you come to the health camp for check-up, make sure to get your blood pressure checked, high blood pressure can lead to heart attack.
If you don't get regular health check-ups, the disease can get worse, be aware in time.
Drink only clean water, otherwise you may get diarrhea.
If the insulin level is not right for diabetic patients, blood pressure may fluctuate, be careful.
If you have cataracts during an eye exam at a health camp, get treatment immediately, otherwise you may become blind.
Do not use antibiotics randomly without blood tests, it can reduce immunity.
Don't forget to get screened for cervical cancer at the cancer screening camp, it can be fatal if delayed.
If you don't get regular dental check-ups, tooth decay and gum disease can occur.
Get information about safe water when you come to the health camp, contaminated water can cause disease.
To control mosquitoes, do not allow water to accumulate around the house, the risk of dengue may increase.
If you do not take high blood pressure medicine regularly, you may have a heart attack, take the doctor's advice seriously.
Without regular chest X-rays during health check-ups, tuberculosis can remain hidden.
Come to the health camp and get your diabetes checked, if you find out in time, you can avoid complications.
When your blood pressure is high, don't eat salty foods, it can cause more problems.
When taking medicine, don't change the dose without consulting a doctor, it can have a bad effect.
Don't forget to get vaccinated at the health camp, you can avoid getting sick.
Don't ignore changes happening in your body regularly, it could be a sign of cancer.
Avoid unprotected sex, it can cause a deadly disease like AIDS.
Don't smoke or drink alcohol, it can affect your lungs and liver.
Don't take pain relievers unnecessarily, it can affect your kidneys.
Come to the health camp and get your heart checked, if the disease is detected in time, it is easier to treat.
If you don't exercise regularly, you may gain weight, which can cause various diseases.
Reduce the use of oily foods in your diet, it increases the risk of heart disease.
Drink enough water regularly, otherwise kidney stones can form.
Don't stay up too late at night, it can have a negative impact on your health.
Stay away from stress, it can raise blood pressure.
Don't forget to get a breast cancer screening at the health camp, if detected in time, lives can be saved.
Various infections can occur if you don't pay attention to personal hygiene.
Don't buy and take medicines from the pharmacy unnecessarily, it can have a negative effect.
If you don't practice yoga regularly, laziness can increase in the body.
Don't sit in the same place for a long time, it can block blood circulation.
Come to the health camp and get tested for diabetes, high blood sugar can affect other organs.
Don't eat too much sweet stuff, it can increase the risk of diabetes.
If you don't regularly eat green vegetables and fruits, you might have vitamin deficiency.
Come to the health camp and get your blood pressure checked regularly, high blood pressure can cause a heart attack.
If you don't take safety measures while working, accidents can happen.
Don't ignore the advice given by health workers, it can worsen the disease.
If children are not vaccinated on time, the risk of various diseases can increase.
Even sitting with someone who smokes affects you, so stay away.
Come to the health camp and get your teeth checked, gum disease can cause other diseases.
If you don't exercise regularly, fat can accumulate in the body, which can cause a heart attack.
Using unsafe water can cause stomach problems, be aware.
Use mosquito nets to avoid mosquito bites, you can avoid malaria and dengue.
Take care of your mental health regularly, stress weakens the body.
Come to the health camp and get tested for diabetes, if not treated in time, you may lose your eyesight.
If you don't use protective equipment while working, accidents can happen.
Before getting an adult vaccine, check for allergies, otherwise it can have serious effects.
There's an increased outbreak of diarrhea in the village, and many patients are coming in. How should we manage it?
Patients with fever and body aches are complaining that paracetamol alone isn't working.
It's becoming difficult to control communicable diseases in this community, like measles.
These days, many patients are showing skin itching problems, this is probably due to the heat.
The problem of typhoid is increasing in this area, it seems that attention should be paid to the cleanliness of drinking water.
Patients with stomach pain and vomiting are increasing, we're worried about cholera.
Jaundice patients are increasing, how to protect from hepatitis?
Rat infestation has increased the risk of leptospirosis, what to do?
Dog bite cases are increasing, how to manage rabies vaccines?
Many patients are coming with headaches and fever, I suspect meningitis.
Cold, cough, and fever patients are increasing, how to protect from influenza?
Patients are coming with blood in their stool, we need to control the diarrhea outbreak.
Many people are annoyed by itching, is it because of scabies?
Anemia is a big problem in women, there's no improvement even after distributing iron tablets.
Patients with wound infections are increasing, how to use antibiotics?
Many patients are demanding paracetamol because their fever isn't going down, what to do?
It's difficult to regularly give antiretroviral drugs to HIV infected people.
Many patients are coming with complaints of upset stomach, maybe it's because of contaminated water.
Many people are annoyed by muscle pain, it didn't get better even after advising rest.
Many patients are annoyed by persistent headaches, I'm worried about brain tumors.
Where should we refer patients suspected of having blood infections?
We need to send patients suspected of having typhoid for testing.
How to secure drinking water sources to prevent cholera from spreading?
Many people don't know about getting vaccinated to prevent hepatitis.
We need to provide information on how to control rats to prevent leptospirosis.
Many people don't know that dogs need to be vaccinated to prevent rabies.
Patients showing symptoms of meningitis need to be taken to the hospital immediately.
Information needs to be given about getting vaccinated to prevent influenza.
Many people don't know that you need to pay attention to hygiene to avoid diarrhea.
Many people are suffering because ringworm isn't getting cured, what to do for treatment?
Many people are complaining that fever and body aches are not getting better, paracetamol didn't work.
Many children have come with complaints of stomach ache and vomiting, there is a fear of cholera.
Patients with jaundice due to hepatitis are increasing, they need to be sent to the hospital for treatment.
Information needs to be given about taking precautions while working in the fields to prevent leptospirosis.
Many people are having problems because dog bite wounds are not healing, they need to get rabies vaccine.
Patients suspected of having meningitis need to be taken to the hospital immediately.
Many elderly people are sick because of influenza, they need to get vaccinated.
Many people have become weak due to diarrhea, attention needs to be paid to the cleanliness of drinking water.
Many people are annoyed by itchy skin due to ringworm, what to do for treatment?
Many women are complaining that anemia is not getting cured even after taking iron tablets.
Many patients are complaining that wounds are not healing even with antibiotics, what to do?
Many patients are complaining that paracetamol is not reducing fever, what other medicine should be given?
HIV infected people are in trouble because they are not getting antiretroviral drugs regularly.
Many people have not been able to get treatment because typhoid treatment is expensive, initiatives need to be taken for help.
Drinking water management needs to be done to prevent cholera, but there is no budget.
Because Hepatitis vaccine is not available in the village, many people haven't been able to get it.
Many people don't know about Leptospirosis, so there's a fear of the disease spreading.
Because they didn't get the rabies vaccine on time, many people have had to lose their lives.
Meningitis treatment is expensive, so many people haven't been able to get treatment, we need to take initiative for help.
Sato's medicine is expensive, so many people can't buy it, we need to take initiative for help.
There is a regular health check-up service here, please register your name.
There is also an eye check-up service in our health camp, come.
The child has diarrhea, pay attention to hand hygiene.
It's good to get a blood pressure test to find out if you have high blood pressure.
The government has also run a camp for cancer screening, get information.
Only drink water after boiling it, it protects you from many diseases.
To avoid malaria, use mosquito nets and adopt mosquito control measures.
Have you had your adult vaccinations? If not, get it immediately.
Drink plenty of water to avoid kidney problems.
There is a skin doctor here, show them once.
If you have a tooth problem, go to the dental camp and get it checked.
I keep having headaches, should I see a brain doctor once?
It didn't get better even after taking pain relievers, what to do now?
Should I take antidepressant medicine to reduce mental stress?
I have to take iron tablets because of anemia.
AIDS patients have to take antiretroviral medicine regularly.
We need to arrange clean drinking water, there's a water problem at the rehab center.
Everyone who comes here needs to wash their hands well, cleanliness is the first priority.
We also check for diabetes and thyroid in our health camp.
Pregnant women should get regular health checkups.
Did you forget to vaccinate your child? Go to the health post and find out.
Dengue outbreak is increasing now, pay attention to controlling mosquitoes.
Many people have found out about their health problems by coming to this health camp.
Get your child checked by a doctor regularly, it's very important.
We need to have a program to teach how to purify water.
Everyone should wash their hands with soap and water before and after eating.
There's a need for an eye camp in this area, many people have problems.
Get your blood pressure checked, it's very important.
We need to raise awareness about cancer in our community.
Taking painkillers for a long time isn't good.
You should know about the side effects of antidepressants.
Iron tablets cause constipation, so you should drink plenty of water.
Antiretroviral medicine keeps the virus under control, but it doesn't completely cure it.
Mosquito nets should be used to protect children from mosquitoes.
Don't let your body get dehydrated, it's harmful to the kidneys.
Stay clean to avoid skin diseases.
Use fluoride toothpaste to make your teeth strong.
Get enough sleep to keep your brain healthy.
We also have thyroid testing at our health camp, come get tested.
Have you gotten your adult vaccinations?
Did you get your blood pressure checked?
It's good to get tested for cancer.
Drinking clean water is very important for health.
Taking pain relievers for a long time is harmful to your health.
Do you know anything about antiretroviral drugs?
Do you need some information about iron tablets?
What should we do to control mosquitoes?
We also have eye testing available at our health camp.
Get regular health checkups, live a healthy life.
It's good to give protein-rich food to old people, but too much oily food can cause even more problems.
There are many patients with vitamin deficiencies in the rehabilitation center, but the number of patients with iron deficiencies is a bit lower.
Giving insulin to diabetic patients is as important as a balanced diet.
It is more appropriate to give soft food than hard food to patients with weak teeth.
As much as old people get relief from taking painkillers, it also affects their kidneys.
As much as patients with high blood pressure (hypertension) need antihypertensive medication, they also need a low-salt diet.
Malnutrition is a serious problem for old people, and obesity is also a growing challenge.
Treating patients with iron deficiency in the hospital is important, but giving information about nutritious food is also necessary.
Giving medicine to the patient regularly is important, but explaining what the doctor said is also important.
Giving medicine to patients with iron deficiency in the rehab center is important, but giving information about iron-rich foods is also important.
Heart patients need low-fat food, and they also need regular exercise.
The arrangement of nutritious food in the rehab center is good, and there should also be physical exercise for the patients.
Old people need iodized salt to prevent iodine deficiency, and they also need other minerals.
Giving food to malnourished patients in the hospital is important, and it is also important to remove the fear from their minds.
Painkillers reduce pain, but it is much better to adopt natural remedies instead.
Increasing the amount of protein for weak patients in the rehab center is important, and it is also important to make them do physical exercise.
It is necessary to reduce food for obese patients, and it is equally necessary to walk.
Giving fruits to patients with vitamin deficiency here is important, and green vegetables should also be given.
The more meat you give to old people to prevent iron deficiency, the more legumes should also be given.
Telling patients about a balanced diet is important, and it is also necessary to encourage them to adopt a healthy lifestyle.
Instead of giving medicine to patients with iron deficiency in the rehab center, it is better to give information about iron-rich food.
Giving food to malnourished patients in the hospital is important, and it is also necessary to pay attention to their personal hygiene.
The problem of obesity is increasing in the elderly, and physical activity is decreasing.
Instead of giving iron tablets to patients with iron deficiency here, it is better to teach them how to get iron from natural sources.
The more meat you give to old people to increase the amount of protein, the more legumes should also be given.
Balanced diet is important in the hospital, and personal hygiene is also important.
In rehab, as important as it is to use iodized salt to prevent iodine deficiency in elderly patients, it's also important to adopt a healthy lifestyle.
As important as it is to give antihypertensive medicine to patients with high blood pressure, it is equally important to adopt stress reduction measures.
The problem of malnutrition here is as serious as the need to raise public awareness about it.
As much as we give protein-rich food to weak patients, we should also give them fruits.
As much as you make obese patients exercise, you should also give them low-calorie food.
In rehab, instead of giving medicine to patients with vitamin deficiencies, it is better to teach them how to get vitamins from natural sources.
As important as it is to eat a balanced diet, it is equally important to drink plenty of water.
As important as it is to inform patients with iron deficiency about iron-rich foods, the cooking method should also be correct.
As important as it is to feed malnourished patients, it is equally important to improve their eating habits.
As important as it is for obese patients to eat less sugar, it is equally important to exercise regularly.
As important as it is to give fruits to patients with vitamin deficiencies here, it is also important to sit in the sun.
As important as it is to give iodized salt to patients with iodine deficiency, they should also be given seafood.
As important as it is to pay attention to a balanced diet, it is equally important to have regular health check-ups.
As important as it is to increase the amount of protein for weak patients, the amount of calories should also be increased.
As important as it is to feed malnourished patients in rehab, psychosocial counseling should also be provided to remove fear from their minds.
As important as it is for obese patients to eat less fat, they should also eat fiber-rich foods.
In rehab, instead of giving iron tablets to patients with iron deficiency, it is much better to teach them how to get iron from natural sources.
Instead of reducing pain by giving painkillers in the hospital, it is better to find the cause of the pain and treat it.
Inhalers may make breathing easier, but in the long run, it is not a solution to the problem.
As important as it is to provide information about a balanced diet, it is equally important to put it into practice.
The malnutrition problem here is complex, so collective efforts are needed to solve it.
Giving insulin in the hospital is important, but the patient also needs to pay attention to their diet.
Lack of newborn care can cause infection, so be careful.
Don't give medicine randomly to kids when they have fever, consult a health worker.
If you miss vaccinations on time, the child is at risk of getting various diseases.
Get your child's growth monitored regularly to protect them from malnutrition.
If your child has a stomach ache, it's good to see a doctor before trying home remedies.
If you don't give your child deworming medicine on time, they may have stomach problems.
If you don't give your child food according to their age, they may become stunted.
Giving children very strong medicine can affect their teeth.
If your child has diarrhea and vomiting, take them to the hospital immediately, don't neglect it.
Get your baby vaccinated regularly, otherwise their immunity may weaken.
Don't massage a child with oil when they have a fever, it can get worse.
If growth monitoring is not done on time, it can affect the child's development.
Give the child boiled water only, otherwise they may get diarrhea.
If a child has worms in their stomach, they may lose appetite and become weak.
If the child has difficulty breathing, take them to the hospital immediately.
Incorrect newborn care can cause infection in the baby.
Malnutrition can hinder a child's physical and mental development.
If a child is not vaccinated on time, they may get a serious illness in the future.
If a child gets dehydrated from diarrhea, it can cause complications.
If you don't give your child deworming medicine from time to time, their body might get weak.
If you don't get your child regular checkups, it might be late to find diseases.
If you don't give your child enough nutritious food, they can get malnutrition.
Don't treat a child's fever your own way.
If you don't take care of a newborn's umbilical cord properly, they can get an infection.
Don't forget to vaccinate your child according to their age, it's necessary for protection.
If you don't monitor a child's growth regularly, it can affect their physical development.
If you don't give your child deworming medicine, they can have stomach problems.
If a child has trouble breathing, take them to the doctor immediately.
Give your child a balanced diet to protect them from malnutrition.
Protect newborns from the cold, they can get pneumonia.
If a child has diarrhea, give them plenty of fluids, don't let them get dehydrated.
If a child has a fever, get a doctor's advice immediately.
Give your child less sugary food to prevent tooth decay.
Don't give your child bottled milk, they can get an infection.
If you don't vaccinate your child on time, their immunity decreases.
Breastfeed your child to protect them from malnutrition.
If a child has a fever, don't treat them at home, get advice from a health worker.
If you don't monitor a child's growth on time, it can affect their physical development.
If you don't give kids deworming medicine regularly, they can have stomach problems.
If a child has difficulty breathing, take them to the hospital immediately.
Balanced diet is important to protect children from malnutrition.
If a child has diarrhea, get them treated right away.
If a child has a fever, don't give them medicine randomly.
If a child is not vaccinated on time, they may get a serious illness in the future.
If a child has a stomach ache, see a doctor before trying home remedies.
If a child's teeth are not cleaned properly, they are likely to get cavities.
Get vaccinated on time to prevent pneumonia during the rainy season.
It is good to get physiotherapy immediately if you have joint pain.
Use an inhaler immediately if you have trouble breathing.
Diabetic patients should take insulin regularly.
Take antihypertensive medicine regularly to control high blood pressure.
Chemotherapy may be necessary for cancer treatment.
Patients with kidney problems may need dialysis.
If you have a toothache, go to the nearest health post and get it checked.
Ayurvedic medicine also helps to cure many diseases.
Treatment of most diseases is possible with allopathic medicine.
If a hand is broken, an X-ray should be done immediately.
Physiotherapy is very beneficial for elderly patients.
If you have trouble breathing, use your inhaler right away.
Dialysis service is available at the hospital, contact us as needed.
You should rest after a chemotherapy session.
To control diabetes, the insulin dosage must be adjusted.
Physiotherapy strengthens muscles.
Ayurvedic treatment methods can also be adopted.
Allopathic medicine works quickly.
If you have kidney problems, you may need to have dialysis.
Brush regularly for dental protection.
Chemotherapy is given to cancer patients.
Asthma patients should always carry an inhaler with them.
Sugar patients should only take insulin after checking the dosage.
Pressure patients should take antihypertensive medicine without fail.
Physiotherapy is effective in reducing joint pain.
Using Ayurvedic medicine has many health benefits.
Allopathic treatment is fast and effective.
Patients with kidney failure require regular dialysis.
The patient said they had a fever and headache, I gave them paracetamol.
Vomiting is still happening even after taking medicine, should I see a doctor?
You've come again because your cough hasn't gone away, I should tell you to see a doctor.
Came because high blood pressure medicine finished, and said feeling tired.
Feet are swollen, should tell them to eat less salt and rest.
If the painkiller doesn't work, then we need to give a stronger medicine.
Is this rash on the skin because of this medicine? Get it checked once.
If you're having difficulty breathing, go to the hospital immediately.
Came because feeling dizzy and nauseous after taking diabetes medicine.
There's bleeding, take them to the hospital immediately.
This painkiller can also cause stomach ache problems, okay?
Didn't you feel better after taking the anti-nausea medicine?
If this medicine doesn't work for the cough, tell the doctor.
Apply this ointment to the swollen area, you'll feel relief.
Take this medicine to stop the bleeding.
If you have difficulty breathing, it's good to go to the hospital immediately.
Since both fever and cough have increased, let's inform the doctor.
Drink plenty of water to cure the headache.
Also try home remedies to stop nausea.
I advise you to rest if you feel tired.
Apply ice to the swollen area.
If the bleeding medicine doesn't work, go to the hospital.
Pain medicine can cause sleepiness, be careful.
Can this fever medicine be given to kids too?
Don't take headache medicine on an empty stomach.
If you feel nauseous, drink lukewarm water.
Take this medicine three times a day for cough and fever.
If you feel tired, eat soupy foods.
If the pain doesn't get better, call the doctor.
You should rest when you have a fever.
When you feel nauseous, stay away from things that smell strong.
Drink warm water when you have a cough.
Don't walk too much when you have swelling.
Take this medicine immediately to stop the bleeding.
If you have rashes on your skin, don't scratch them.
If you have difficulty breathing, sit up straight.
Does he also have diabetes or something? His sugar seems high.
Is he taking his blood pressure medicine? Should we check?
Is it possible to suspect cancer at this age?
Is kidney dialysis service available in the hospital?
Can thyroid problems also cause this kind of breathing difficulty?
Did he have asthma before, or is it just showing up now?
Does liver problems affect breathing?
Is there a heart disease specialist doctor here?
What precautions should be taken to prevent diarrhea outbreaks in flood-affected areas?
If someone in the community has a fever and headache, how do you know if it's typhoid or influenza?
Is the rabies vaccine injection also available at this vaccination center?
There is a risk of cholera spreading in flood-affected areas due to lack of drinking water, how to control it?
Hepatitis patients are increasing in the community due to contaminated water, what should be done to stop this?
If you have itchy skin after a flood, how do you tell if it's ringworm or scabies?
The risk of leptospirosis has increased due to the flood, what measures should be taken to avoid it?
What should be done for sanitation to avoid typhoid in flood-affected areas?
Fever patients have increased in the village after the flood, is it due to influenza or something else?
Floods have increased the risk of rabies in pets, how to prevent it?
What should be done to prevent the spread of leptospirosis infection in stagnant water areas after a flood?
Is typhoid antibiotic available at this pharmacy?
How to purify water to avoid cholera, as the flood has contaminated the drinking water source?
Ringworm infection has spread in the flood-affected area, how to treat it?
Can pregnant women get the typhoid vaccine?
If someone in the community has a headache and fever after a flood, how do you know if it's meningitis or not?
Scabies infection is increasing in the community due to the waste spread by the flood, how to control it?
What is the risk of cholera when using drinking water submerged by the flood?
If someone in the community has jaundice after a flood, is it hepatitis or something else?
Is there a system for testing for typhoid in the flood-affected area?
How to avoid leptospirosis infection from being submerged in water after the flood?
Due to the flood, there is an increased outbreak of diarrhea in the village, what should be done to control it?
If you suspect a dog bite, when should you get the rabies vaccine?
If the flood spoils the food and causes diarrhea, what food should you not eat?
Is there a hepatitis vaccination program in the flood-affected area?
After the flood, many people in the village have fever, how to find out if it is dengue or influenza?
Ringworm infection has spread due to the dirty water spread by the flood, how to treat it?
Is the typhoid vaccine available for free at this health post?
How to make drinking water safe to avoid cholera in the flood-affected area?
Is medicine available to treat leptospirosis in this place?
Is there a trained health worker to administer the rabies vaccine at this health post?
What to do to prevent leptospirosis infection in wounds that have been submerged in water after the flood?
Is medicine for the treatment of scabies available at this clinic?
What should be done to reduce the risk of diarrhea and cholera in the flood-affected area?
Is there a risk of getting hepatitis from eating food spoiled by the flood?
Does this health post have the facility to examine patients suspected of meningitis?
What to do if you have itchy skin after the flood? Is it scabies?
Are the necessary medicines for typhoid and diarrhea available at this pharmacy?
Is there any way to get well without surgery?
How long does the painkiller work?
Can this disease be cured with Ayurvedic treatment?
Is ICU service available here?
Are there any home remedies that can be done at home?
How should I take the vitamin supplements prescribed by the doctor?
How often should I do physiotherapy to cure joint pain?
What kind of allopathic medicine should I use for this skin problem?
How to feed Jeevan Jal to a patient with diarrhea?
How often should dialysis be done if there is a kidney problem?
What are the side effects of chemotherapy for cancer?
What effect does radiation therapy have on the skin?
How long should I take antidepressant medicine for depression?
What kind of treatment method should be adopted for heart problems?
What is the home remedy to cure ear pain?
Does this medicine cause skin allergies?
How risky is the surgery?
How long will it take to improve with physiotherapy?
Does Ayurvedic medicine react with other medicines?
Is there an ICU bed available?
What home remedy can be done to heal the wound?
Does vitamin supplements have any side effects?
Besides physiotherapy, what else can be done to reduce joint pain?
Does allopathic medicine work immediately?
What is the correct way to make Jeevan Jal?
How much does it cost to get dialysis?
Is there any alternative treatment to chemotherapy?
How many days should radiation therapy be done for?
Doesn't antidepressants cause sleep problems?
What kind of diet should be followed in heart treatment?
What is the correct way to clean ears?
Is this medicine safe for the skin?
What kind of care should be taken after surgery?
What kind of pain is felt during physiotherapy?
Is its treatment available in Ayurveda?
Is it okay to visit patients in the ICU?
How to arrange oxygen at home?
What time is good to take vitamin supplements?
How much does physiotherapy cost?
How long does the effect of allopathic medicine last?
How much Jeevan Jal should be given?
What happens if I don't do dialysis?
Does chemo cause hair loss?
What are the risks of radiation therapy?
Do antidepressants affect other medications?
Is it okay to do yoga for the heart?
Is putting oil in the ear good or not?
Which cream to use for skin infection?
Do I have to wait for surgery?
Does pain medicine affect the stomach?
If you don't get regular check-ups, the disease can get worse, so pay attention on time.
If you don't check your blood pressure regularly, the risk of heart attack increases.
If you don't vaccinate, the child may get a serious illness in the future.
If you don't pay attention to cleanliness, there is a risk of various infections.
If you don't drink safe water, there is a possibility of diarrhea.
If mosquitoes are not controlled, a dengue epidemic can spread.
If you don't get your eyes checked on time, your vision may weaken.
If cancer screening is not done, it may be too late to detect the disease.
Neglecting hand hygiene can cause stomach problems.
Taking iron tablets without a doctor's advice can cause health problems.
If children are not vaccinated on time, they may get a serious illness in the future.
If you're lazy to check your blood pressure regularly, you might have a big problem later.
Don't forget to get your health checked at the health camp, you might regret it later.
If you miss your child's regular vaccinations, their immunity might get weak.
Don't let vitamin D deficiency happen to make bones strong, otherwise there might be problems.
If you don't exercise regularly, your muscles might get weak and cause pain.
If you don't drink safe water, you might get a stomach infection, be careful.
If you don't get your eyes checked on time, it can affect your vision, be careful.
If you don't take proper measures to control mosquitoes, the risk of disease can increase.
Ignoring regular health checkups can lead to getting sick.
Not getting regular blood pressure checks can cause serious health problems.
Delaying vaccinating children can reduce their immunity.
If you don't pay attention to hand hygiene, the risk of infection can increase.
Drinking contaminated water can cause serious illness, be aware.
If you don't take precautions to avoid mosquito bites, the risk of dengue can increase.
If you don't get cancer screening, it can be difficult to detect the disease in the early stages.
If you don't get regular eye exams, your vision may weaken, take care.
Using antidepressants without a doctor's advice can have negative effects.
Ignoring regular blood pressure checks can increase the risk of heart attack.
If you don't participate in health camps, you will miss out on health information.
If children are not vaccinated on time, they are at risk of developing complex diseases in the future.
If you don't use safe water, it can negatively affect your health.
If you don't take mosquito control measures, you can get diseases like dengue and malaria.
If you don't get regular checkups, it can be late to find problems in your body.
If you are careless with blood pressure tests, you may face serious consequences.
If you don't give your child vaccines on time, their ability to fight disease decreases and they can get various infections.
If you neglect hand hygiene, there is a high chance of getting sick.
If you don't get your eyes checked regularly, vision problems can increase.
If you have iron deficiency, only take iron tablets with doctor's advice, otherwise it can be harmful.
If you don't get your blood pressure checked regularly, the risk of heart disease can increase.
If you don't participate in health camps, you will be deprived of getting health information.
If you delay vaccinating your child, their immunity can become weak.
If you delay cancer screening, there may be problems with treatment.
If you don't get vaccinated on time, your child may get serious diseases in the future.
If you don't check your blood pressure regularly, the risk of heart attack can increase.
If you don't get vaccinated, your child may get serious diseases in the future, so get vaccinated on time.
If you don't participate in health camps, you will be deprived of getting health information, it's good to go.
If you don't pay attention to hand hygiene, the risk of infection can increase, so always stay clean.
If you don't drink safe water, there is a possibility of getting diarrhea, so only drink boiled water.
If you suspect anything in the pregnancy test report, see a doctor immediately.
Remember, pregnancy test results can be wrong, so it is important to get doctor's advice.
If the blood test shows infection, you might need more treatment.
X-rays have radiation risk, so don't do them often without a doctor's advice.
If the urine test shows infection, start treatment right away.
Make sure ultrasound doesn't affect the baby's health.
CT scans have a lot of radiation, so don't do them without a doctor's advice.
MRI test results might take a few days, so be patient.
Even if the pregnancy test is negative, contact a doctor if you have symptoms.
It's best to use the first pee of the morning for a pregnancy test, or the result might be wrong.
Biopsies can have a risk of infection, so be careful.
Before using a pregnancy test kit, check if it's expired.
If you're taking any medicine, tell your doctor before taking a pregnancy test.
If the pregnancy test is positive, start taking folic acid.
If you have diabetes, talk to your doctor before taking a pregnancy test.
Don't drink too much water before taking a pregnancy test, or the result might be wrong.
If you have irregular periods, a pregnancy test might not give the right result.
Don't be stressed before taking a pregnancy test, it can affect the result.
Keep the kit straight when taking a pregnancy test, or the result might be wrong.
If you have a problem with your uterus, a pregnancy test might not give the right result.
It's good to talk about the pregnancy test result with your family.
Don't have sex before taking a pregnancy test, it can affect the result.
If you have high blood pressure, talk to a doctor before taking a pregnancy test.
Always use a new kit when doing a pregnancy test.
Get information about your health before taking a pregnancy test.
Follow the instructions carefully when doing a pregnancy test.
If you get a positive result on a pregnancy test, don't forget to see a doctor.
If you get a negative result on a pregnancy test and you still have doubts, test again.
Don't worry about the pregnancy test result, consult with a doctor.
Keep in mind that pregnancy tests can give false results.
Maintain privacy when doing a pregnancy test.
Think before telling others about the pregnancy test result.
If you have any problems while doing a pregnancy test, go to the hospital immediately.
The result of a pregnancy test can bring big changes to your life.
Do the test at the right time when doing a pregnancy test.
Think positively when doing a pregnancy test.
Stay away from negative thoughts about the pregnancy test result.
Take care of your health when doing a pregnancy test.
Value the doctor's advice when doing a pregnancy test.
Give correct information when doing a pregnancy test.
If the blood test shows low hemoglobin, you might need to take iron pills.
Don't rush too much when doing a pregnancy test, be patient.
X-rays can affect both pregnant women and the baby, so don't do it without a doctor's advice.
If protein is seen in the urine test, you might need to do more tests.
Don't go for an ultrasound on an empty stomach, eat something before you go.
If you need a CT scan, take protective measures to avoid radiation.
Don't wear metal objects on your body for an MRI test.
If you have any doubts during the pregnancy test, ask the nurse.
Drink plenty of water before taking a pregnancy test, it helps to clarify the result.
Take the medicine the doctor gave you to reduce pain during a biopsy.
After the earthquake, Dad's chest pain has increased, so I brought him to the hospital for a checkup.
My sister has had a fever for three days, and it doesn't seem to be getting better.
My daughter is feeling nauseous, she doesn't want to eat anything.
After the earthquake destroyed the house, my mother has been suffering from headaches.
My husband has a persistent cough, and it hasn't gotten better even after taking medicine.
After the earthquake, there's an outbreak of diarrhea in the village.
My son said he had chest pain, so I brought him here.
The old grandpa is having trouble breathing, he needs to see a doctor immediately.
My mother is feeling weak and having difficulty walking.
Since the earthquake, my little brother has had a red rash on his body.
I haven't been able to go to work because of fever and headache.
The cough that started after the earthquake hasn't gone away yet, and it's hard to sleep at night.
The constant vomiting has made my body weak, I don't feel like eating anything.
He survived being buried in the earthquake, but now he's having a hard time breathing.
Dad's chest is hurting a lot, maybe his old injury is acting up again!
I'm feeling tired, I don't feel like doing any work.
Maybe it's from the stress after the earthquake, Mom is feeling dizzy.
My brother's leg is swollen, and he's having trouble walking.
A lot of blood is flowing even from a small wound, I wonder why?
Even though the fever is down, the weakness in my body is still there.
My head hurt when the roof fell during the earthquake, and now it's even worse.
I'm so annoyed with feeling nauseous, is there any solution?
I've had a cough for a long time, why isn't it getting better even after taking medicine?
My chest hurts so much that I have trouble sleeping at night.
Maybe it's because I was stressed for many days because of the earthquake, I feel very tired now.
I have rashes on my body and they're starting to itch, what should I do?
I'm scared because I'm having trouble breathing.
The constant fever has made my son weak.
My head hurts and my eyes are also seeing blurry.
I've vomited so much that my stomach is empty.
I can't sleep at night because of the cough.
I'm having trouble even standing because of the weakness.
The swelling in my leg that started after the earthquake hasn't gone down.
Why isn't the bleeding stopping?
What could be causing these red rashes?
Why is it so hard to breathe?
My chest hurts and I'm feeling really uncomfortable.
I keep getting a fever on and off, what should I do?
My head hurts so much that I can't even talk.
I feel nauseous and don't feel like doing anything.
My chest has started hurting because of the cough.
I'm feeling dizzy because of weakness.
It's hard for me to walk because my leg is swollen.
I'm scared because the bleeding won't stop.
I'm feeling uncomfortable because of the rashes on my body.
I'm feeling restless because it's hard to breathe.
Is there any way to reduce the chest pain? Please give me some pain medicine.
Doctor, the fever is killing me, please check me.
This headache is bothering me, what should I do? Please give me some pain medicine.
Doctor, I've had a persistent cough since the earthquake, is this normal?
Can uterine cancer be treated with chemotherapy alone without surgery?
How important is physiotherapy for mothers to reduce muscle pain after giving birth?
If there's iron deficiency during chemo, can we give vitamin supplements?
Which antibiotic is best to give a newborn to protect them from infection, doctor?
After chemo, are there any home remedies to reduce pain while resting at home?
If a pregnant woman has kidney problems, could dialysis be needed?
Can we take Ayurvedic help to reduce the side effects of chemo?
Which paracetamol is safe to give a mother if she has a fever after giving birth?
If a newborn has breathing problems, do they immediately need ICU care?
If a child has diarrhea, how should we give Jeevan Jal (oral rehydration)?
What kind of nutritious food should we feed a patient after chemo?
What kind of facilities are available in the hospital to reduce labor pain?
What to do if a mother has blood deficiency after giving birth? Give iron pills or other treatment?
How different are the side effects of chemo compared to radiotherapy?
What kind of treatment method should be adopted for pregnant women with heart problems?
Which antibiotic should be given if a child has pneumonia?
What kind of lifestyle should we advise patients who have recovered from chemo to adopt?
Does chemo affect the brain of a pregnant woman?
If a postpartum mother has constipation, can some home remedies be done?
What kind of information should be given to the patient before doing chemo?
If a baby has jaundice, what kind of treatment method should be adopted?
What can be done to reduce the pain a patient experiences during chemo?
Which medicine is safe for pregnant women with high blood pressure?
If both radiotherapy and chemotherapy are needed, how should the treatment sequence be determined?
Does taking antiretroviral drugs during pregnancy affect the baby?
What kind of counseling services should be provided if a mother has postpartum depression?
What medicine can be given to stop nausea caused by chemotherapy?
If there are kidney stones during pregnancy, is surgery necessary?
Which antibiotic should be used if a mother gets an infection during postpartum?
If a child has a congenital heart problem, is surgery necessary?
What should be the dosage of vitamin supplements if a patient feels weak after chemotherapy?
What can be done to reduce hair loss during chemotherapy?
What home remedies can be used if a postpartum mother has piles?
What precautions should be taken to avoid the side effects of radiotherapy?
Which medicine is safe to give if a patient undergoing chemotherapy has a cough?
What to do if a woman in labor is brought to the hospital late?
What should be done if radiotherapy affects the skin?
Can Ayurvedic medicine reduce the effects of chemotherapy?
What to do to reduce pain while breastfeeding a postpartum mother?
What kind of environment is needed for a patient to rest after chemotherapy?
If a child has a congenital brain problem, is treatment possible?
Can psychosocial counseling be provided if a postpartum mother has mental stress?
What kind of food should we be careful about during chemotherapy?
What vitamin supplements are necessary for newborn babies?
Is there any alternative treatment method to chemotherapy?
What to do if a postpartum mother has a burning sensation while urinating?
How safe is dialysis for pregnant women with kidney failure?
What are the other modern treatment methods besides radiotherapy and chemotherapy?
What should be done if postpartum bleeding does not stop?
Counseling depression patients in villages is more challenging than in cities because people here don't open up easily.
As important as it is to provide training for suicide prevention, it is equally important to raise public awareness in the community.
As easy as it is for anxiety patients to get psychiatric services in the city, it is just as difficult in the village.
As much as an inhaler is needed for an asthma patient, insulin is equally important for a diabetic patient.
This community mental health program seems to be more effective than before, but there are still areas for improvement.
As effective as yoga is to reduce mental stress, meditation can be just as effective.
As important as it is to take a person who has attempted suicide to the hospital, it is equally important to give them emotional support afterwards.
As easy as it is to take anxiety medication, it is just as difficult to deal with its side effects.
Joint pain problems due to depression are becoming more common in young people as much as they are seen in older people.
As important as it is to talk openly about mental health issues, it is equally important to listen carefully to others.
The practice of treating mental health problems as a weak mentality may not be as common in cities as it is in villages.
As much as the support of the local government is needed for suicide prevention, family support is also necessary.
As much as medicine plays a role in the treatment of depression, counseling also plays an equally important role.
As important as it is to raise awareness about mental health in the community, it is equally important to train health workers.
As important as it is to help someone at risk of suicide right away, it's just as important to plan to prevent such incidents in the future.
As necessary as it is to treat skin problems caused by anxiety, it is equally important to find the root cause of the anxiety.
Depression patients in villages might need family support more than those in cities.
It's easier to treat mental health problems in the city than it is in the village.
As effective as mobilizing volunteers in every neighborhood is for suicide prevention, running counseling programs in schools is just as effective.
As important as talking to friends to reduce mental stress is, expressing your feelings in writing is just as important.
As effective as yoga and meditation are in treating anxiety, changing your thinking is just as effective.
The problem of bones weakening due to depression is seen in older people, but it has started to be seen in young people as well.
As important as it is to provide information about mental health problems, it is equally important to inspire others to help.
The practice of hiding mental health problems is more common in villages than it is in cities.
As much as the government should invest in suicide prevention, NGOs should also invest.
The family's role in treating depression is as important as the society's role.
As important as it is to remove misconceptions about mental health in the community, it is equally important to provide accurate information.
As important as it is to save a person at risk of suicide, it is equally important to prevent them from attempting suicide in the future.
As necessary as it is to treat ear problems caused by anxiety, it is equally important to find and solve the cause of the anxiety.
As difficult as it is to bring depression patients to health posts in villages, it is equally challenging to get them to hospitals in cities.
There are more options for treating mental health problems in the city than in the village.
As much as trained health workers are needed for suicide prevention, people with a helpful attitude are also needed.
As important as it is to spend time with family to reduce mental stress, it is equally important to make time for yourself.
Lifestyle changes are as effective as taking medicine for anxiety treatment.
Body aches due to depression are as common in old people as they are uncommon in young people.
Giving information about mental health issues is as important as understanding other people's feelings.
Mental health issues are probably more of a taboo in villages than in cities.
The government should launch as many programs as possible for suicide prevention, and the community should also run awareness campaigns.
It is better to consult a doctor once before buying this medicine from the pharmacy and using it at home, otherwise you may have dental problems.
Even though Ayurvedic treatment is cheap, it may not cure all diseases, so take advice from the right doctor.
If your eyes are red or itchy, do not put medicine from the pharmacy randomly, show it to an eye doctor.
When using Ayurvedic medicine, it is important to be aware of its dosage and method of use, otherwise it may have a negative effect.
Do not consume herbs randomly in the name of Ayurvedic treatment, it can affect the liver.
Do not buy medicine directly from the pharmacy and take it when you have a toothache, see a dentist.
Do not mix Ayurvedic medicine with other medicines, it may have a negative effect.
What measures are taken here to control mosquitoes?
Is there a provision for regular health check-ups here?
Is there a provision for safe water to prevent diarrhea during the rainy season?
Is my high blood pressure checked here?
Is there a camp for eye check-up here?
What materials are available here for hand hygiene?
There are a lot of mosquitoes in this place, what should be done to control them?
Is there a cancer screening facility here?
Can I get adult vaccines here?
When is the health camp organized?
Is there safe water available for patients who come here?
Is there someone here to check blood pressure?
What's good to put on to avoid mosquito bites?
What are the benefits of getting regular checkups?
Do you do general eye exams here?
What do you suggest for keeping hands clean here?
Is there a safe drinking water system here?
Do you have medicine for mosquito control?
Do you do early cancer screening here?
Do you check for diabetes and high blood pressure here?
Do you have a vaccination program for adults here?
What services are available at the health camp?
Do you provide information about hand hygiene here?
How to avoid diseases caused by mosquitoes?
Is there a regular health checkup arrangement in this place?
Do you have high blood pressure medicine here?
Do you have a specialist for eye treatment here?
What is the importance of hand hygiene?
Do you have a filter for safe water here?
What can be done at home to control mosquitoes?
Can I come here for regular health checkups?
Do you have a blood pressure measuring device here?
How much does it cost for an eye exam?
Is hand washing soap available here?
Is safe drinking water available here?
How to avoid the dangers of mosquito bites?
Why is it necessary to get regular health checkups?
Do you do eye lens checks here?
What diseases can hand hygiene prevent?
Is there a provision for pure drinking water here?
What can be used to kill mosquito larvae?
Do I need to register for a health checkup here?
What to do if blood pressure is high?
What should I do if my eyesight is weak?
How to wash hands properly?
Is there a system for boiling water to drink here?
Are there any home remedies to repel mosquitoes?
Can I get regular health checkups here?
Can you give me some information about high blood pressure?
When should I get my eyes checked?
This medicine might work for fever patients, but not be as effective for headache patients.
Taking care of a tired patient is harder than taking care of a coughing patient.
Dizziness during labor is more uncomfortable than normal dizziness.
Nausea after taking iron tablets is less than nausea during pregnancy.
Swelling in the body after giving birth is different than normal swelling.
Weakness from bleeding can be more dangerous than weakness from a fever.
You need more rest with a COVID cough than with a normal cough.
Dizziness from iron deficiency is less dangerous than dizziness after delivery.
It's harder to work when you have a fever than when you're just tired.
Joint pain is more unbearable than body pain when you have a fever.
Dizziness from constant coughing is different than normal dizziness.
Nausea from iron pills is less than nausea during pregnancy.
Weakness after giving birth is different than weakness after surgery.
It's harder to work when you have a fever than when you have a headache.
Constipation after taking iron tablets is less complicated than constipation during pregnancy.
Bleeding after giving birth can be more than period bleeding.
The tiredness after having a baby is very different than the tiredness of pregnancy.
Feeling weak when you have a fever, feels much weaker than when you're bleeding.
The dizziness during postpartum is different than the dizziness from low blood pressure.
Chest pain from coughing is less dangerous than heart pain.
Dizziness after delivery is different than dizziness caused by diabetes.
Nausea from iron tablets is more normal than nausea from other medicines.
Skin allergies during postpartum can be more sensitive than other allergies.
Laziness when tired is less than laziness when you have a fever.
Bleeding for postpartum women is dangerous if it's more than a normal period.
Headache when you have a fever is more intense than a normal headache.
Dizziness after delivery is less dangerous than dizziness caused by high blood pressure.
Dizziness from coughing is less serious than dizziness from pneumonia.
Joint pain during postpartum is different than the pain of rheumatism.
Nausea after taking iron pills is easier to cure than nausea during pregnancy.
Dizziness from bleeding can be more dangerous than dizziness from dehydration.
Fatigue after delivery is more uncomfortable than fatigue during pregnancy.
COVID cough can last longer than a normal cough.
Body pain when you have a fever is more unbearable than the pain of a cold.
Bleeding during postpartum can be more than period bleeding.
Nausea for pregnant women is harder than nausea after taking iron pills.
Dizziness after delivery is different than dizziness during pregnancy.
Joint pain during postpartum is different than pain from aging.
Constipation from iron tablets might be different than constipation from other medicines.
Feeling tired makes it hard to work, but having a fever is way more uncomfortable.
Dizziness from fever can be more dangerous than dizziness from dehydration.
A COVID cough is different than an asthma cough.
If postpartum bleeding is heavier than period bleeding, you should pay attention.
Nausea from iron tablets is less than nausea from other infections.
Postpartum joint pain is different than pain from playing sports.
Nausea in pregnant women is different than nausea from traveling.
Dizziness when tired is less serious than dizziness from anemia.
A headache from coughing is different than a migraine headache.
Body aches from fever are less unbearable than joint pain.
Post-delivery dizziness can make you weaker than pregnancy dizziness.
Vitamin deficiency can cause dry skin and various problems.
Iron deficiency is more likely to cause anemia in children.
Malnutrition is increasing because people aren't paying attention to a balanced diet.
Iodine deficiency can cause goiter.
If the body doesn't get enough protein, muscles become weak.
Nowadays, most people are starting to have problems with obesity.
Many children in rural areas still show signs of malnutrition.
It is important to understand the importance of a balanced diet to avoid malnutrition.
Malnutrition at a young age can have a big impact in the future.
Pregnant women should take iron pills regularly.
Children should regularly get a dose of Vitamin D.
Green vegetables and fruits have an important role in a balanced diet.
Protein-rich foods make the body's tissues strong.
Using iodized salt prevents iodine deficiency.
Eating too many sugary foods increases the risk of obesity.
Lack of nutrition affects the physical and mental development of children.
The government is running various programs to reduce malnutrition.
Due to iron deficiency in pregnant women, there is a possibility of the baby being born weak.
Vitamin deficiency reduces the body's immunity.
A balanced diet should have the right amount of carbohydrates, protein, and fat.
Iron deficiency causes fatigue and weakness.
Protein deficiency affects the body's growth and development.
Obesity can lead to diseases like diabetes and high blood pressure.
Malnutrition also affects children's studies.
The government provides nutrition allowance to pregnant and postpartum women.
People with iron deficiency should eat foods like spinach and fenugreek.
To fulfill vitamin deficiency, fruits and vegetables should be eaten abundantly.
A balanced diet keeps the body healthy and fit.
To avoid iodine deficiency, you should only use iodized salt.
Beans and lentils are good sources of protein.
Many children are kept from going to school because of malnutrition.
The government should bring more nutrition programs for children.
Vitamin deficiency can also cause eye problems.
Iron deficiency can cause memory loss.
Iodine deficiency hinders a child's mental development.
Protein deficiency can also cause hair loss.
Obesity also increases the problem of joint pain.
Lack of nutrition reduces immunity and increases the risk of infection.
The government should prioritize nutrition programs in remote areas.
Vitamin deficiency causes constant fatigue in the body.
Iron deficiency can cause difficulty breathing.
Iodine deficiency can cause swelling in the throat.
Protein deficiency can cause problems with the digestive system.
Obesity can also cause chest pain.
Lack of nutrition can cause weak bones.
It is necessary to raise public awareness about balanced diets.
The government should subsidize nutritious food.
Many patients have been found to have diabetes when tested in the lab.
Asthma patients are advised to take medicine regularly and avoid dust.
Patients with thyroid problems have been referred for further testing.
According to lab tests, many patients are at risk of heart disease.
Patients with arthritis have been given pain relief medicine.
Patients with liver problems are advised to pay special attention to their diet.
Patients suspected of having cancer have been sent for a biopsy.
Diabetic patients are advised to exercise regularly.
Patients with high blood pressure are advised to eat less salt.
Patients with kidney disease are advised to drink plenty of water.
Patients with liver disease are advised not to drink alcohol.
Patients with thyroid problems have been told to take their medicine regularly.
Arthritis patients are advised to rest when their joints hurt.
Asthma patients are advised to always keep an inhaler with them.
Heart patients are advised to reduce stress.
Cancer patients have been told to come for regular follow-ups.
Patients came to the lab on an empty stomach for diabetes testing.
Patients taking high blood pressure medicine have been told to get regular check-ups.
Dialysis has been arranged for patients with kidney problems.
Patients with liver problems have had to be hospitalized.
The dosage of thyroid medicine needs to be adjusted according to the test report.
For arthritis pain, it's advised to apply hot water.
Asthma patients are advised to avoid the cold.
Heart patients are advised not to eat oily food.
For cancer treatment, patients have been sent for radiotherapy.
Diabetic patients are advised to stay away from sweet foods.
Patients with high blood pressure are advised to do yoga and meditation.
Kidney patients are advised to eat less protein.
Liver patients are advised not to eat junk food.
Patients with thyroid problems are advised to eat iodized salt.
Arthritis patients are advised to do regular physiotherapy.
Asthma patients are advised to stay away from things that cause allergies.
Heart patients are advised to get their cholesterol checked regularly.
Cancer patients are encouraged to have positive thinking.
Diabetic patients are advised to check their feet regularly.
Patients with high blood pressure are advised to keep their weight under control.
Iron deficiency seems to cause a lot of problems in old people.
Vitamin supplements are available for free at the primary health center here.
The doctor said that malnourished patients should be given more nutritious food.
Obesity is increasing in the village too because of the habit of eating too much sweet.
These days, many people are showing diseases caused by iodine deficiency.
Joint pain at this age can also be due to vitamin deficiency.
Diabetic patients should be informed about balanced diet.
In health posts, medicines are distributed to old people to prevent vitamin deficiency.
Malnutrition affects the physical and mental development of children.
Many patients coming here are seen to have iron deficiency.
Many people in villages still don't know about balanced diet.
Most elderly patients are seen to have dry skin problems due to vitamin deficiency.
When protein is low, the body becomes weak and the risk of getting sick increases.
To control obesity, regular exercise and a balanced diet are necessary.
Due to poverty in the village, many children are seen to be malnourished.
I suggest the patients who come here to take vitamin supplements.
Iodine deficiency can cause goiter, so you should eat iodized salt.
The doctor advised to take vitamin D to strengthen bones.
Lack of balanced diet can also cause weak eyesight.
Due to iron deficiency, women are more likely to have anemia.
To avoid obesity, you should not eat junk food.
Iodine deficiency affects the mental development of children.
Vitamin deficiency reduces the body's immunity.
Protein-rich foods make the body strong.
Most people in the village have malnutrition problems.
If you don't pay attention to a balanced diet, there's a high chance of getting many diseases.
Vitamin supplements provide the nutrients the body needs.
Iodine deficiency can also cause thyroid problems.
The doctor advised me to eat protein.
Due to malnutrition, many children are unable to go to school.
Due to iron deficiency, I don't feel like working.
To reduce obesity, you should eat green vegetables and fruits.
Eating iodized salt can prevent goiter.
Vitamin deficiency can also cause hair loss problems.
Protein deficiency weakens muscles.
It is necessary to spread awareness about malnutrition in the village.
A balanced diet keeps the body healthy.
Vitamin supplements increase immunity.
Iodine deficiency affects pregnant women.
The doctor advised me to take Vitamin D.
Due to malnutrition, many people get sick.
Due to iron deficiency, memory becomes weak.
Obesity increases the risk of heart disease.
Iodized salt is easily found in all shops.
Vitamin deficiency increases the risk of many diseases.
Lack of protein makes the body weak.
The government has brought many plans to solve the problem of malnutrition in the village.
A balanced diet should have fruits, vegetables, and grains.
I see a lot of young people here getting addicted to alcohol, how to reduce it?
Many people in the village smoke cigarettes, which has increased dental problems.
Patients who come to the health camp should be informed about iron tablets.
Get your blood pressure checked regularly, high blood pressure affects the heart.
Most people don't know how smoking affects the brain.
Is there a drug rehabilitation center in this community?
The health of the people here has been greatly affected by the consumption of tobacco products.
I want to explain the importance of vitamin supplements to you.
I offer alcohol addiction counseling at this clinic.
Did you know that smoking reduces the amount of oxygen in the blood?
I am worried about the news that young people here are trapped in drug addiction.
Get your teeth checked regularly, tobacco products weaken your teeth.
Many people drink alcohol and make noise, which affects peace and security.
Did you know that high blood pressure medicine should be taken regularly?
Due to the lack of nutrition among the people here, iron tablets have to be distributed.
I suggest you go to a rehabilitation center to get rid of drug addiction.
It should be informed that the consumption of tobacco products increases the risk of cancer.
Regular exercise and a balanced diet keeps your heart healthy.
Some people drink and fight in the streets, how to stop this?
Using tobacco products negatively affects brain function.
I will give information about the harmful effects of alcohol in this health camp.
Smoking makes your teeth yellow and weakens your gums.
Many women here have iron deficiency, so we need to distribute iron tablets.
Counseling is necessary to get rid of drug addiction.
Many young people are caught in drug addiction, they should be helped.
Using tobacco products increases the risk of heart disease.
I will run an awareness campaign to reduce alcohol consumption in this community.
Some people don't value vitamin supplements, we need to give information about it.
People here don't know how smoking contaminates the blood.
We need to explain that drug addiction ruins the future of young people.
Using tobacco products weakens teeth and causes gums to bleed.
Iron tablets fulfill the lack of blood and make the body strong.
Smoking weakens brain function.
We need to control the sale and distribution of alcohol in the village.
I will give information about the importance of vitamin supplements in this clinic.
Using tobacco products increases the risk of heart attack.
Many young people are caught in drug addiction, they should be sent to a rehabilitation center.
We need to pay special attention to treating burn patients at the post-earthquake rehabilitation center.
Many patients who come here have problems with broken bones.
The number of snakebite patients is also increasing at the rehabilitation center.
In the emergency room, heart attack patients need oxygen immediately.
Just this morning, a patient was brought in with a stroke.
We don't have enough medicine here to save patients who have taken poison.
A child who drowned in a pond and lost consciousness was brought to the hospital.
Bring patients who have been burned in a fire here immediately.
Many people may have back injuries from the earthquake, we need to check.
Those seriously injured in the accident had lost a lot of blood.
One seriously ill patient had to be put in the ICU after getting an electric shock.
Patients with breathing problems due to allergies should be given epinephrine immediately.
The doctor has given the patient pain medication.
We are also distributing vitamin supplements here.
We are giving antifungal cream to patients who come to the rehabilitation center.
Many people have shown signs of depression after the earthquake destroyed their homes, they need antidepressant medication.
Those injured in the accident may need a pain-relieving injection.
During the examination, a problem was found in the patient's lungs.
The blood testing equipment in the lab is broken.
There is no facility to examine the brain here.
Most of the patients who come to the rehab center are injured in accidents.
Those injured after the earthquake were brought here after first aid.
It will still take some time for the medicine needed to treat snake bites to arrive.
A patient suffering from a heart attack should be taken to the hospital immediately.
A patient with a stroke can be in danger if they don't get treatment on time.
A patient who has ingested poison should be taken to the hospital immediately.
The search for those who disappeared after drowning in the river is ongoing.
Special attention needs to be given to the treatment of burn patients.
There are many people with broken bones from the earthquake.
Those injured by electric shock need immediate treatment.
Patients with allergies should be kept under special observation.
Patients with back injuries from the earthquake need physiotherapy.
A patient who has lost a lot of blood in an accident may need a blood transfusion.
Antifungal cream cures skin infections.
The doctor has prescribed medicine for depression.
Patients injured in the accident have been given pain medication.
There is a shortage of vitamin supplements at the rehab center.
A patient with a brain injury needs a neurosurgeon immediately.
The condition of a patient with a lung injury in the accident is serious.
A snakebite patient needs to have their blood tested.
Heart attack patients might need to get an echocardiography done.
The number of stroke patients is increasing at the rehabilitation center.
Patients who have ingested poison should be treated immediately.
The patient who drowned and became unconscious had to be put on a ventilator.
Burn patients need to be protected from infection.
Surgery might be necessary to treat a broken bone.
A patient who has had an electric shock needs to have their heart checked.
Many patients have come in with skin problems due to allergies.
A patient with a broken back bone in an accident should be taken to the hospital immediately.
Due to the earthquake, the lack of blood has caused problems with treatment.
Because it's been raining continuously this monsoon, my house helper needs depression medicine, is it available here?
Because the road is bad due to the rain, how many more days will it take for the mental health camp to come to the village?
This year the flood destroyed the crops, so many farmers are stressed, where can I find psychosocial counseling services?
What kind of services are available at this hospital for suicide prevention?
Many patients come during the rainy season, how to reduce the stress of health workers at such times, is there any training here?
I fell in a puddle and sprained my ankle, can I get some pain medication? Will this painkiller work?
After the flood swept away the house, my mother can't sleep at night, is this because of anxiety?
Can community-based mental health programs be run to help those who have lost relatives in floods and landslides?
I'm bothered by itchy skin when working in water during the rainy season, what should I do?
Because of the continuous rain, I am worried about how to repay the loan because I can't work, will this increase depression?
What kind of mental health counseling services are available at this hospital?
The flood swept away the house and it's hard to manage daughter's education expenses, how will this affect her?
My joints hurt from walking in the water a lot, what should I do?
Many are feeling depressed because they can't work in the fields due to the continuous rain, is there any solution for this?
Does this hospital have a helpline number for suicide prevention?
After the flood swept away the house, is there any help available to keep the family safe?
Many people have stomach ache problems during the rainy season, what kind of food should we pay attention to?
How many doctors are there for mental health problems in this hospital?
The roof of the house is leaking due to the continuous rain, and the stress has increased, who should I tell?
After the flood caused so much damage, can we run a mental health awareness program in the village?
What can be done to save the unemployed youth from depression who are jobless this monsoon?
Is anxiety medicine available at this hospital?
My neighbor seems to have mental problems, but he doesn't want to get treatment, what should I do?
Are there psychosocial counselors for mental health in this hospital?
It's raining continuously and I don't feel like going home, is there a place to stay here?
How long does it take for depression treatment at this hospital?
Many people have a cold and cough this rainy season, what should I do?
Does this hospital have any volunteer program for suicide prevention?
It hasn't been sunny for many days due to the rain, and my body aches because of this, what should I do?
Does this hospital have specialist doctors for mental health problems?
After the flood swept away houses, many people are worried about the future, how to help them?
What kind of medicine for mental health is given in this hospital?
Due to the continuous rain, many people are having difficulty going to work, how does this affect their mental health?
How much does it cost for mental health problems in this hospital?
Can we collaborate with any NGOs to help those affected by the floods and landslides?
Due to the continuous rain, the roof of the house is leaking badly, what can be done to reduce this stress?
There is a risk of body infection while working in the rainy season, what should be done to avoid it?
High blood pressure further affects diabetic patients, so it is better to have regular check-ups.
Asthma patients have difficulty, COPD patients also have the same problem.
It is a little more difficult to adjust the dosage of medicine for diabetic patients than for those with thyroid problems.
If diabetic patients do not pay attention to their diet, kidney problems can increase, which can be more complicated than in patients with high blood pressure.
The relief that an inhaler gives to an asthma patient is not the same as the relief that antihypertensives give to a high blood pressure patient.
If a diabetic patient has a foot injury, it is difficult to heal, while it is not so difficult for a bone and joint patient.
The problem of dizziness while taking high blood pressure medicine is less common compared to diabetes medicine.
It is more difficult for diabetic patients to control their sugar levels than for patients with liver disease.
Diabetic patients should be motivated to exercise regularly, as should heart patients.
Diabetic patients are more likely to have eye problems than people with thyroid problems.
Cancer patients suffer more than asthma patients.
High blood pressure medicine may show side effects in some people more than diabetes medicine.
COPD patients may need more oxygen than asthma patients.
Diabetic patients might not need blood tests as often as thyroid patients.
Diabetic patients need to take care of their feet even more than heart patients.
Diabetic patients need to pay more attention to their diet than liver patients.
Patients with joint problems need as much rest as cancer patients.
High blood pressure patients are told to eat less salt as much as diabetic patients are told to avoid sweets.
Asthma patients need to be protected from the cold as much as COPD patients need to be protected from smoke.
Diabetic patients are more likely to develop kidney disease than high blood pressure patients.
Diabetes medicine can be more expensive than thyroid medicine.
Eye exams are as important for diabetic patients as heart checkups are for heart patients.
Cancer treatment costs more than treatment for joint pain.
High blood pressure patients are advised to stay away from stress as much as diabetic patients are advised to stay active.
COPD patients need to do breathing exercises as much as asthma patients do.
Diabetic patients are encouraged to exercise regularly as much as heart patients are.
High blood pressure patients are advised to lose weight as much as diabetic patients are advised to control their blood sugar.
Diabetic patients need to take medicine regularly more than liver patients.
Kidney patients are advised to drink a lot of water, but heart patients are not.
Cancer patients need as much mental support as joint pain patients might not need.
Diabetic patients are told to take care of their feet more than patients with other diseases.
Thyroid patients need to take medicine as much as asthma patients need to use inhalers.
COPD patients are told to avoid dust as much as asthma patients are told to avoid the cold.
Heart patients are restricted from oily food as much as diabetic patients are restricted from sweets.
High blood pressure medicine doesn't cause headaches as much as diabetes medicine does.
Joint pain patients have as much difficulty walking as cancer patients have many other problems.
Liver patients need to be stricter with their diet more than kidney patients do.
Diabetic patients need to check their sugar levels as much as thyroid patients need to check their hormone levels.
Cancer treatment is as expensive as it is complex.
High blood pressure patients are encouraged to eat less salt as much as diabetic patients are encouraged to eat less sweets.
Asthma patients need inhalers as much as COPD patients may need oxygen.
Heart patients are told to stay away from stress as much as diabetic patients are told to stay active.
Kidney patients are more likely to need dialysis than liver patients.
Thyroid medicine needs to be taken as regularly as high blood pressure medicine.
Cancer patients suffer as much pain as joint pain patients don't.
Diabetic patients are told to take care of their feet as much as high blood pressure patients are told to take care of their blood pressure.
COPD patients have as much breathing problems as asthma patients may not have.
In the post-flood situation, don't be careless when doing a sputum test, there may be a risk of infection.
Chest X-rays can be harmful to pregnant women at this time, only do it if necessary.
If you have a stomach ache, get an ultrasound on the advice of a doctor instead of taking medicine randomly.
If a newborn is suspected of having pneumonia, get a chest X-ray immediately.
If pregnant women do not take high blood pressure medicine regularly, there may be a risk.
If pregnant women with diabetes do not have the correct amount of insulin, it can be dangerous for the baby.
If there's a blood infection, start treatment right away, otherwise both mother and child could be in danger.
If you feel weak, don't just take iron tablets, ask a doctor.
At this time, only drink boiled water, otherwise diarrhea can bother both mother and child.
If there's a fever, don't give too much paracetamol, only give it as advised by the doctor.
If a pregnant woman has high blood pressure, start antihypertensive medicine immediately.
Make sure to get a blood test after giving birth, it helps to avoid weakness.
If a newborn has health problems, get advice from a specialist right away.
Taking medicine randomly during postpartum can affect the baby.
Don't take medicine during pregnancy without getting an ultrasound.
If a newborn has jaundice, get a blood test immediately.
If a pregnant woman has diabetes, start insulin right away.
If the stomach pain increases, get an ultrasound immediately, don't be careless.
If a pregnant woman doesn't take iron tablets regularly, the baby can be weak.
If a child has a fever, don't give paracetamol without a doctor's advice.
If you don't take high blood pressure medicine regularly, both mother and child could be in danger.
During postpartum, pay special attention to cleanliness to avoid infection.
Getting an X-ray during pregnancy can affect the baby, so be careful.
If there is blood in your sputum, get a TB test immediately.
If you have a stomach ache, don't take painkillers randomly, get an ultrasound.
Don't take iron tablets during pregnancy without getting a blood test.
If a baby has jaundice, get a blood test right away, don't delay.
Don't take random antibiotics after giving birth, it can have side effects.
If you have chest pain, get an ECG immediately, don't be careless.
Make sure you do a sputum test to avoid infections spreading because of the flood.
If a new mother is suspected of having an infection, get a blood test immediately.
Don't take random painkillers during pregnancy, it can affect the baby.
Don't guess about chest diseases without a sputum test.
If you don't get regular blood tests, you might not know if there are problems in your body.
Getting unnecessary X-rays can have negative effects on your health.
Pregnant women should not take any medicine without a doctor's advice.
If you see blood in your sputum, tell a health worker right away.
If you don't get an ultrasound on time, you might not know the baby's condition.
If you feel discomfort in your stomach, don't take random medicine, see a doctor.
If a baby has a fever, only give paracetamol according to the doctor's advice.
If you don't take high blood pressure medicine regularly, it can be risky for both mother and baby.
If you suspect diabetes, get your blood sugar checked immediately.
If pregnant women don't take iron tablets regularly, the baby is at risk of being weak.
If a newborn has any problems, see a doctor immediately, don't be careless.
Not getting enough rest after giving birth can have negative effects on your health.
Take special precautions when doing sputum tests in flood-affected areas.
Taking medicine randomly during pregnancy can cause birth defects in the baby.
If the baby has trouble breathing, get a chest X-ray done immediately.
As difficult as it is for diabetes patients, cancer patients have even more physical and mental suffering.
Even though high blood pressure medicine controls blood pressure, cancer medicine has more side effects compared to it.
Even though physiotherapy is effective in treating joint pain, cancer treatment is very complex.
Cancer patients are more likely to have difficulty breathing than asthma patients.
Thyroid problems are very likely to be cured by medicine, but cancer treatment can be long and difficult.
Cancer patients need to pay more attention to their diet than patients with liver disease.
Cancer surgery can be more risky than surgery for heart disease.
Patients with kidney problems can be saved by dialysis, but it is very difficult to cure cancer.
Painkillers provide relief to patients with arthritis, but stronger medicine is needed to relieve cancer pain.
Cancer patients may need more oxygen than COPD patients.
Dental problems are common, but cancer can be life-threatening.
It takes time for a broken bone to heal, but cancer treatment is even longer and more painful.
Cancer treatment with chemotherapy is expensive, treatment for other diseases is not that expensive.
Pain-relieving paracetamol provides relief for normal pain, but it is not very effective for cancer pain.
Iron tablets help increase blood, but it is difficult to cure blood loss caused by cancer.
Diabetes patients can live a normal life if they take medicine regularly, but cancer treatment is complex and uncertain.
High blood pressure medicine keeps blood pressure under control, but cancer medicine has a lower chance of curing cancer.
Treatment for joint pain is possible with physiotherapy, but many methods have to be used in cancer treatment.
Asthma medicine gives instant relief, but cancer medicine takes a long time to cure.
Thyroxine is used in thyroid treatment, but many types of medicines have to be used in cancer treatment.
Liver patients are advised to rest, but cancer patients need continuous treatment.
Heart surgery has a high chance of success, but cancer surgery has a lot of risks.
Kidney patients should not drink too much water, but cancer patients are advised to drink plenty of water.
Arthritis pain flares up from time to time, but cancer pain can increase continuously.
Breathing exercises are important in the treatment of COPD, but such exercises do not help much in the treatment of cancer.
Weak bones are prone to fracture, but if cancer spreads to the bones, it is even more dangerous.
Normal fever is cured by taking paracetamol, but this medicine does not work for cancer pain.
Iron tablets replenish blood deficiency, but other treatments are needed to cure blood deficiency caused by cancer.
It is easy for diabetic patients to control their diet, but cancer patients have to pay attention to many things along with their diet.
High blood pressure patients are advised to change their lifestyle, but cancer patients have to be treated to save their lives.
Applying oil provides relief in joint pain, but such home remedies do not work for cancer pain.
Asthma patients get instant relief from inhalers, but cancer patients do not get relief from such measures.
Thyroid medicine is cheap, but cancer medicine is very expensive.
Liver patients are advised to rest, but cancer patients need active treatment.
Heart patients are advised to exercise regularly, but cancer patients are advised to rest.
Kidney patients need dialysis, but cancer patients need chemotherapy or other treatments.
Arthritis pain is relieved by applying hot water, but such measures do not relieve cancer pain.
COPD patients are advised to avoid smoke, but cancer patients have to avoid many things.
For normal pain from minor injuries, balm gives relief, but for cancer pain, those balms don't work.
Normal colds and coughs get better with home remedies, but cancer needs treatment in the hospital.
Diabetes is easy to test for, but cancer testing needs many procedures.
High blood pressure medicine is cheap, but cancer medicine is very expensive.
Joint pain treatment costs less, but cancer treatment costs a lot.
Asthma can be treated at home, but cancer needs treatment in the hospital itself.
Thyroid medicine should be taken regularly, but cancer medicine should be taken as per the doctor's advice.
Kidney patients are advised to eat less protein, but cancer patients are advised to eat nutritious food.
Arthritis patients are advised to avoid the cold, but cancer patients are advised to adopt a healthy lifestyle.
Liver disease gets better with rest, but cancer doesn't get better with rest, it needs treatment.
To reduce the risk of heart disease, changing your lifestyle is enough, but to reduce the risk of cancer, you need regular checkups.
Due to the dirty water after the flood, there may be an eye infection, so pay special attention to cleanliness.
If you see symptoms like red, itchy, or burning eyes, get an eye infection checkup immediately.
If blurred vision increases, get your eyes checked immediately, it could be a sign of cataracts.
If you get an eye injury or something gets in your eye, get medical advice immediately, it can cause vision loss.
After eye surgery, strictly follow the doctor's instructions, otherwise complications may occur.
Diabetic patients should get regular eye checkups, otherwise it can affect vision.
Always wear sunglasses when working or walking in the hot sun, it protects the eyes from cataracts.
Using a computer or mobile for a long time can cause dry eyes, so blink your eyes from time to time.
If a child has itchy or red eyes, take them to the hospital immediately, it could be an infection.
Don't ignore even a normal eye problem, it can become big later.
If glaucoma is not treated on time, there is a risk of losing sight, so get regular checkups.
If you have symptoms like eye pain, headache, or vomiting, see a doctor immediately, it could be a sign of glaucoma.
If cataract surgery is not done on time, vision can be completely lost.
If your eyesight is weak and distant objects appear blurry, get a refractive error test and wear glasses.
Reading too much in low light can weaken your eyes, so read only in sufficient light.
To keep your eyes healthy, eat a balanced diet and drink plenty of water.
To avoid eye infections, do not use other people's handkerchiefs or towels.
If you have diabetes, it can affect your eyes and blur your vision. So get your eyes checked regularly.
Wear safety glasses when working in dusty environments, otherwise you may have eye problems.
If you have itchy or burning eyes, do not use medicine arbitrarily, consult a doctor.
If children have weak eyesight, get it treated on time, otherwise there may be problems in the future.
Regular eye exercises help improve vision, so do yoga and exercise.
People with low vision should use a white cane, it helps to walk safely.
If you have any eye problems, consult a specialist doctor immediately.
To protect your eyes from infection, make it a habit to wash your hands thoroughly with soap and water.
If your eyes are red or constantly itchy, do not treat them at home, consult a doctor immediately.
You should rest after eye surgery, do not watch too much TV or use mobile phones.
If you have an eye allergy, find out the cause of the allergy immediately and get treatment.
If your eyesight is weak, do not drive, there may be an accident.
To keep your eyes healthy, get enough sleep, don't stay up too late.
If you have a family history of glaucoma, get your eyes checked regularly.
Eat foods rich in Vitamin A for eye protection, like carrots and spinach.
If you see any kind of problem in your eyes, see a doctor instead of relying on home remedies.
If a student has weak eyes, seat them in the front of the classroom so it's easier for them to read.
After cataract surgery, be sure to wear the glasses the doctor gave you.
Wear a mask to protect your eyes from dust and pollution.
If you've had diabetes for a long time, you might have eye problems.
Regular eye exams help protect your vision, so don't ignore it.
When working in the fields, there's a risk of pesticides getting in your eyes, so wear protective glasses.
If you don't treat your eyes on time, there's a risk of blindness, so be aware.
If you have an eye infection, it can spread quickly to others, so take precautions.
Before eye surgery, get information about all the risks and benefits.
Eat plenty of green vegetables and fruits to keep your eyes healthy.
If you have eye problems, don't just buy medicine from the pharmacy and use it.
When you get your eyes checked, tell the doctor about your health problems and medications.
Using your mobile in low light puts a lot of pressure on your eyes, so quit this habit.
To rest your eyes, close your eyes from time to time and take a deep breath.
To avoid eye infections, don't touch your eyes in public places.
Teach children about eye protection from a young age.
If you see any problems in your eyes, contact the nearest health post immediately.
Stomach pain during pregnancy is normal, but too much pain can be a sign of danger.
Using family planning methods after delivery is safer than taking birth control pills.
The more you breastfeed your baby, the less likely you are to get uterine cancer.
It is much safer to deliver in a hospital than at home because there are both equipment and experts here.
Postnatal care is more important than pregnancy care because it affects the health of both mother and baby.
Taking iron tablets during pregnancy is more important than taking vitamin supplements because it prevents anemia.
Getting regular health check-ups is much better than getting treatment after getting sick.
Whether to deliver in a hospital or at home was a big concern for me.
High blood pressure during pregnancy is more dangerous than normal blood pressure.
Breastfeeding immediately after the baby is born is better than waiting a few days.
Using temporary family planning methods is easier than permanent sterilization.
Eating enough nutritious food during pregnancy is much more beneficial than eating junk food.
Breastfeeding the baby only mother's milk for 6 months is better than giving other foods.
It is safer to do home remedies during pregnancy than taking pain relievers.
Getting regular prenatal check-ups is very important for the baby's health, village people don't understand this.
It is wiser to go to the hospital after labor pains than to stay at home.
Pregnant women need plenty of rest, more than other times.
This time during pregnancy, I feel like eating more vitamin supplements than before.
Giving liquid food to the mother after delivery is more beneficial than giving solid food.
Doing regular exercise during pregnancy is healthier than living a passive life.
If you see complications, going to the hospital right away is safer than staying home.
It's better to know about the hospital before going for delivery service than going without knowing.
It's best to know about family planning than to remain ignorant.
Taking stress during pregnancy is more harmful than in normal times.
Vaccinating children regularly is more effective than treating them after they get sick.
Doing exercises to strengthen abdominal muscles during pregnancy is better than doing exercises that weaken them.
Having a safe delivery in a hospital has a higher chance of saving both mother and child's lives compared to an unsafe delivery at home.
Resting after delivery is more important than working.
Getting your blood pressure checked regularly during pregnancy is essential to avoid high blood pressure, which is not so necessary in normal times.
Not using family planning is safer than having many children.
Drinking enough water during pregnancy is more beneficial for health than drinking less water.
Eating nutritious food during pregnancy is better than eating unhealthy food.
Getting enough rest after delivery is more important than being physically active.
Taking regular doctor's advice during pregnancy is safer than doing as you please.
Vaccinating children on time is preventing disease in the future, which is much better than treating it after getting sick.
Being iron deficient during pregnancy is more dangerous than in normal times.
Not knowing about family planning is more harmful than knowing.
Taking folic acid regularly during pregnancy is more important than not taking it.
Resting after delivery is better for both mother and child than returning to work immediately.
Drinking too much coffee during pregnancy is more harmful than drinking a little.
Taking doctor-prescribed vitamin supplements regularly during pregnancy is better than not taking them.
Paying attention to hygiene during postpartum is more important than ignoring it.
Managing stress during pregnancy is more important than ignoring it.
Choosing permanent sterilization over temporary family planning methods is safer for the future.
Doing regular exercise during pregnancy is better than being physically inactive.
It's better to wait a while after giving birth before having sexual relations than to rush into it.
It is safer to consult a doctor than to take painkillers during pregnancy.
Eating less salty food is better than eating a lot to reduce the risk of high blood pressure during pregnancy.
Getting tested for diabetes during pregnancy is safer than not getting tested.
Doing regular exercise after giving birth is better than not doing it to avoid uterine prolapse.
Could Grandma's blurry vision be caused by dementia?
Does weakening hearing affect eyesight as we age?
What can be done for fall prevention because Dad's bones are weak and he's afraid of breaking them?
Is Mom's eyesight weak because of diabetes, or does the insulin level need to be adjusted?
What kind of treatment should we use to reduce chronic pain in the elderly?
It's getting difficult to do daily activities after the eyesight has weakened, what to do?
Is it normal for eyesight to weaken with age, or how can it be prevented?
Do vitamin supplements help reduce eye weakness?
How effective is geriatric care at this age for Dad's eye treatment?
Does eyesight decrease as you get older because the eye muscles weaken?
What kind of training can be given to an elderly person who is losing their eyesight to make daily life easier?
Could Mom be having vision problems due to osteoporosis?
What could be the main reason for weakened eyesight in older people?
Is Dad showing symptoms of dementia because of an eye problem?
Grandma is afraid of falling when walking after her eyesight weakened, what measures should be taken for falls prevention?
What kind of treatment should be done as both hearing and eyesight are weakening with age?
Can diabetic patients be protected from vision problems?
Dad's eye nerve is drying up, what can be done to cure it?
How much vitamin supplements should be given to improve eyesight?
What kind of geriatric care is needed to reduce vision problems in old age?
Is it safe for Mom to have cataract surgery at this age?
How likely is it that Dad will get dementia after his eyesight weakens?
Is Grandma having vision problems because of weak bones?
What could be the reason for the weakening of eye muscles with age?
Could Mom's long-term pain medication be affecting her eyes?
How to do falls prevention for elderly people with weakening eyesight?
Does weak hearing increase the risk of dementia?
Along with vitamin supplements, what else can Dad be given to eat for his eyes?
Can regular eye checkups help detect vision problems early?
What kind of geriatric care is needed after mother has eye problems?
Does diabetes affect the eyes as well as the feet?
What kind of diet should be given to reduce vision problems in older people?
Does working on the computer a lot weaken the eyes?
Could the bone-strengthening medicine have affected mother's eyes?
Does an incorrect glasses power also cause eye pain?
What is the solution to dry eye problems as you get older?
Does watching too much TV weaken the eyes?
Could father's blurry vision be due to high blood pressure medication?
Will vitamin supplements help improve mother's eyesight?
Can eye exercises improve eyesight?
How to treat father's eyes to protect him from dementia?
Does using mobile phones late at night weaken the eyes?
Mother is having difficulty communicating due to hearing loss, what to do?
After eye surgery, should special attention be paid to fall prevention?
How safe is it for father to have cataract surgery?
Is mother's daily life affected by the eye problem?
My father has asthma, what should I do immediately if he has difficulty breathing?
My daughter has diabetes, what kind of diet should she pay attention to?
Are there any home remedies to control my husband's high blood pressure?
My father has kidney problems, how often does he need dialysis?
My mother is suffering from liver disease, what can be done for her rest?
My grandfather's thyroid is high, how long does the treatment take?
My sister is suffering from rheumatism, what food is good to eat to reduce the pain?
I found out my brother has cancer, how do I encourage him now?
My neighbor has COPD, what precautions should be taken to avoid it?
Many people in the village have heart problems, what could be the reason?
I brought my son to the hospital because his asthma worsened, what should I pay attention to at home?
I am giving my mother diabetes medicine, but why is it still not controlled?
It seems the high blood pressure medicine isn't working for my father, what should I do?
My husband doesn't feel like eating due to kidney problems, what is good to feed him?
What kind of diet should be given to cure my mother's liver disease?
Does grandfather's thyroid medicine have side effects?
What are the home remedies to reduce my sister's rheumatic pain?
How much does it cost for my brother's cancer treatment?
What kind of exercises can be done to protect my neighbor from COPD?
How to spread awareness to prevent heart problems in the village?
How long should my daughter be given asthma medicine?
Should my husband take diabetes injections or will tablets work?
What lifestyle changes should my father make to control high blood pressure?
What food should I not give to my mother to protect her from kidney disease?
What kind of food should I cook for my grandfather after he has liver problems?
My sister has become very weak due to thyroid problems, what is good to feed her?
What kind of treatment can be adopted to cure rheumatism in my brother?
How to support my neighbor mentally to protect them from cancer?
Can a free health camp be conducted in the village for COPD patients?
If my daughter has a heart problem, which doctor should I show her to?
My husband has difficulty sleeping at night due to asthma, what should I do?
My father's diabetes has increased and he has a wound on his leg, what to do?
My mother feels dizzy when she takes high blood pressure medicine, is this normal?
How much does it cost for my grandfather to have kidney dialysis?
Is it okay for my sister to get Ayurvedic treatment for liver disease?
My brother is gaining weight due to thyroid problems, how to reduce it?
My neighbor has difficulty working due to rheumatism, is there any solution?
Can a health worker be called to give information about cancer in the village?
What kind of environment should my daughter be kept in after she has COPD?
What yoga should my husband do to protect him from heart disease?
Is there any home remedy for my father's asthma? Like, is it okay to eat honey or not?
My mother has blurred vision due to diabetes, is this normal?
Does my grandfather have to take high blood pressure medicine forever?
What kind of lifestyle should my sister follow after having kidney problems?
What things should be taken care of after my brother recovers from liver problems?
Does my neighbor need thyroid surgery or will medicine cure it?
What foods should we eat to prevent rheumatism in the village?
Is it possible to get government help for my daughter's cancer treatment?
What kind of work should my husband not be allowed to do after getting COPD?
What kind of oil should be used to protect my father from heart problems?
I have a fever and body aches, so I haven't been able to work for a few days, doctor.
I feel nauseous and don't feel like eating, what should I do?
It's hard to sleep at night because of the cough.
I feel so tired that I don't even want to get up, is there any medicine for it?
I have a headache that feels like my brain is going to explode.
My body is swollen, what could be the reason for this?
Red rashes have appeared on my skin and it's itchy.
My stomach hurts and I feel like I'm going to vomit.
I'm having trouble breathing, is my asthma getting worse?
The pain hasn't reduced even after taking medicine.
Doctor, how long should I take this vitamin supplement?
Painkillers didn't really help much.
Is there any home remedy to reduce fever?
Is it okay to use antifungal cream for this skin allergy?
Doctor, what kind of cough do I have?
Please give me some anti-vomiting medicine, it's very difficult.
Should I do any tests to find out the cause of this fatigue?
My back hurts so bad, what should I do?
I came here after being bothered by fever and cough.
What should I do to find out the cause of the headache?
I don't feel like eating because of nausea.
Doctor, I have had this coughing problem for a long time.
I'm forced to lie in bed all day because of fatigue.
Does this pain medicine have side effects?
Do you have a thermometer to measure fever here?
Please tell me how to reduce body swelling.
What should I apply for the rash on my skin?
I'm vomiting because of a stomach problem.
I'm very scared because I have difficulty breathing.
How many days does it take for this vitamin supplement to work?
How often should I take pain medication?
How do I apply this antifungal cream?
What is a home remedy to cure a cough?
What should I avoid eating for skin allergies?
Does this pain medicine make you sleepy?
What could be the reason for getting a fever?
I'm feeling weak from vomiting so much.
What's a good thing to do for a headache?
What should I do when I have difficulty breathing?
What tests should I do to find out the cause of body swelling?
What could be the reason for getting rashes on my skin?
Doctor, this pain is really bothering me.
Doctor, the fever hasn't gone down, what should I do?
Is there any way to stop this nausea?
Doctor, what should I eat to cure a cough?
What should I do to get rid of tiredness, doctor?
Why did I get these rashes on my skin?
Doctor, I'm feeling very weak from vomiting.
I'm so annoyed by the fever and headache.
Doctor, I'm scared because I'm having trouble breathing.
If you have a fever and spots appear on your body, go to the hospital immediately, it could be a sign of danger.
If you have a cough along with rashes on your chest, it could be a sign of pneumonia, see a doctor immediately.
If you have a headache, vomiting, and rashes on your body, there may be a risk of meningitis, get to the hospital immediately.
If you get rashes on your body after taking medicine, you might be allergic to that medicine, stop it immediately.
If you have difficulty breathing and get rashes, it could be a serious allergic reaction, go to the hospital right away.
If your joints are swollen and you have rashes, it could be a symptom of arthritis, contact a doctor immediately.
If you feel extremely tired and get rashes, it could be a sign of lupus, get it checked.
If you have red rashes on your skin and it starts itching, it could be eczema, get treatment immediately.
If children get fever with rashes, it could be measles, get vaccinated immediately.
If you get rashes on your skin when you go in the sun, you may have photosensitivity, avoid the sun.
If diabetic patients get rashes on their feet, it could be a sign of infection, see a doctor immediately.
If you see blue rashes on your body, it could be a sign of a blood clotting problem, get it checked.
If you see blood in your urine and get rashes, it could be a kidney problem, see a doctor immediately.
If you get rashes on your skin after taking pain relievers for a long time, contact a doctor immediately.
If you get rashes on your skin after taking high blood pressure medicine, stop the medicine immediately.
If you get rashes on your skin after eating certain foods, you may be allergic to that food, be careful.
If you get rashes on your skin after being bitten by an insect, get treatment immediately.
If you see water-filled rashes on your body, it could be herpes, see a doctor immediately.
If you have a sore throat and rashes, it could be scarlet fever, see a doctor immediately.
If you have rashes on your skin that itch and swell, it could be an allergic reaction, get treatment immediately.
If you see rashes on your body while you have a fever, don't ignore it, consult a health worker immediately.
If you have a cough, difficulty breathing, and rashes, it could be a sign of a serious infection, go to the hospital immediately.
If you have a headache, vomiting, and rashes, seek medical advice immediately, it could be dangerous.
If you get rashes after taking medicine, stop taking the medicine immediately and contact a doctor.
If you have rashes with itching and swelling, it could be an allergic reaction, don't ignore it.
If red rashes appear on your body and start itching, it could be eczema, get it checked immediately.
If children get fever with rashes on their body, it could be measles, take them for treatment immediately.
If you get rashes on your skin when you go in the sun, consult a dermatologist immediately.
If diabetic patients get rashes on their feet, inform the doctor immediately.
If blue rashes appear on your body, get a health checkup immediately.
If you see blood in your urine and get rashes on your body, it could be a sign of a serious health problem, go to the hospital immediately.
If you get rashes after taking painkillers for a long time, don't take medicine without consulting a doctor.
If you get rashes after taking high blood pressure medicine, contact your doctor immediately and get another medicine.
If you get rashes after eating certain foods, stop eating that food immediately.
If you get rashes after an insect bite, contact a doctor immediately and get treatment.
If you see water-filled rashes on your body, it could be herpes, go to the hospital and get it checked immediately.
If you have a sore throat and rashes on your body, see a doctor immediately.
If you have rashes with itching and swelling, take allergy medicine immediately.
If you have rashes on your body, don't just do home remedies, consult a doctor.
If you have difficulty breathing and rashes on your body, call an ambulance immediately.
Don't itch or scratch the rash, it can increase the infection.
You shouldn't take a hot shower when you have rashes, it can make the skin even drier.
If you also have a fever with the rashes, contact a doctor immediately, it could be a sign of a serious infection.
Don't put any cream or lotion on rashes without asking a doctor.
If you're pregnant and have rashes, contact a doctor right away.
Don't go in the sun too much when you have rashes, it can make your skin worse.
If you have joint pain along with rashes, contact a doctor immediately.
Don't wear too much makeup when you have rashes, it can affect your skin more.
If you have a headache along with rashes, contact a doctor right away.
Don't take too much stress when you have rashes, it can increase skin problems.
Unwanted pregnancies can be avoided by using family planning methods.
Breastfeeding a baby only mother's milk for 6 months is best for their health.
A mother needs enough nutrition during postpartum.
If high blood pressure is seen during pregnancy, complications should be managed immediately.
Safe delivery services protect the lives of both mother and child.
Pregnant women should pay special attention to their nutrition.
If your joints hurt, consult a health worker immediately.
Iron tablets should be given to the mother after delivery.
Taking folic acid during pregnancy can reduce some birth defects in the baby.
It is safer to go to a health facility immediately after labor pains start.
Contact the health center to get information about family planning.
The mother needs enough rest after the baby is born.
If you have anemia during pregnancy, you should take iron medicine.
Safe abortion services are available, contact if needed.
If any complications arise during delivery, you should immediately seek help from a specialist.
Regular breastfeeding benefits both mother and child.
If you have back pain, go for physiotherapy.
Do not use antibiotic medicine without a doctor's advice.
For safe childbirth, you should seek help from a trained health worker.
During pregnancy, you should eat nutritious food regularly.
Family planning services help to plan the family size.
After delivery, the mother should have a health check-up.
If complications arise during pregnancy, go to the hospital immediately.
While breastfeeding, the mother should pay special attention to her diet.
During pregnancy, medication may be needed to control high blood pressure.
If you have liver problems, you may need further testing.
You should eat calcium-rich foods to strengthen bones and joints.
During pregnancy, you should regularly take iron and folic acid tablets.
Temporary family planning methods are available, choose according to your preference.
Postpartum, both mother and baby should have a health check-up.
If diabetes is detected during pregnancy, special attention should be given.
If a newborn has pneumonia, antibiotics should be given immediately.
Family planning has a positive impact on the health of the mother and child.
If you have thyroid problems during pregnancy, you should take medicine.
During postpartum, you should pay attention to hygiene to avoid infection.
To avoid mental stress during pregnancy, you should do yoga and meditation.
Surgery services are available for those who want to adopt a permanent family planning method.
Ask your doctor about which medicines are safe during pregnancy.
If the baby has difficulty breathing, take him/her to the hospital immediately.
Drinking enough water during pregnancy is good for health.
The use of family planning methods helps control population growth.
After giving birth, the mother should rest her body.
If you have high blood pressure during pregnancy, get treatment immediately.
Breastfeeding provides the baby with all the necessary nutrients.
Family planning services are available for free.
If you have diabetes during pregnancy, you may need to take insulin injections.
If you have any skin problems, you can use antifungal cream.
Regular exercise strengthens bones during pregnancy.
It's been very difficult because this health post doesn't have an X-ray machine, so we have to send patients to a bigger hospital.
Looking at the blood test report, it seems a urine test is also needed, because some things aren't clear.
Because an MRI report is more detailed than a CT scan, I suggested getting an MRI.
Compared to an ECG, an ultrasound can show the condition of the heart more clearly.
A liver biopsy helps diagnose liver disease better than a normal blood test.
In this health camp, blood test service seemed more effective than X-ray service.
The X-ray showed a bit more TB infection than what the sputum test showed.
Even if the pregnancy test is positive, it's good to do an ultrasound to know the baby's condition.
The infection level in the urine test seemed much higher than what was found in the blood test.
Compared to X-ray, MRI makes it easier to identify back problems.
Compared to ultrasound, a CT scan shows the condition of the internal organs of the stomach better.
Compared to a normal blood test, a biopsy gives faster and more accurate information about cancer.
Compared to a pregnancy test, an ultrasound gives detailed information about the baby's development.
For the diagnosis of TB, a sputum test is more reliable than a phlegm test.
For a normal headache, compared to paracetamol, resting is also important.
According to the signs seen in the blood test, a biopsy may be needed for further testing.
A CT scan can detect problems that an ultrasound cannot detect.
Because there is no MRI machine, the patient had to be satisfied with an X-ray.
There is only blood test facility here, you have to go to the city for urine test.
Because there is no ultrasound service in the village, pregnant women have a lot of problems.
The information given by the doctor was clearer than the X-ray report.
Compared to a CT scan, an MRI reduces the risk of radiation.
As important as an inhaler is for asthma patients, so is the climate of this place.
Some diseases that are not detected by blood tests can be detected by sputum tests.
Because the X-ray machine is broken, we have to manage with ultrasound.
The fear of not knowing the disease is greater than the pain of having a biopsy.
Even if the pregnancy test is negative, if you suspect something, you should get an ultrasound.
Based on the problems seen in the blood test, medicine should be given for further treatment.
Doctor's experience is more important than the ultrasound report.
For normal stomach pain, taking paracetamol will cure it, but for severe pain, an X-ray should be done.
Compared to MRI, CT scan is faster and useful in emergency situations.
A blood test can show an infection that a urine test cannot detect.
Even though the X-ray looked normal, the doctor advised to do an MRI for further examination.
Since the baby's condition looked good during the ultrasound, there is no reason to worry.
ECG shows the heart's rhythm, but ultrasound shows the heart's structure.
It is better to start the medicine right away than to wait for the biopsy result.
Since the sputum test report will be delayed, treatment should be started with an X-ray.
Compared to a pregnancy test, an ultrasound can also reveal the baby's gender.
Since there is improvement in the blood test report, the dosage of the medicine can be reduced.
Since there is no CT scan in the village, there is a compulsion to go to the city for an MRI.
The problem looks a little different on the ultrasound than what was seen on the X-ray.
Rest is more important than medicine for a pregnant woman.
Compared to the MRI report, I found the doctor's consultation more useful.
Since the sugar level is high in the blood test, a urine test also has to be done for further testing.
Since biopsy costs a lot, let's start with a blood test first.
A lot of old patients in the community have cataracts, we need to do something about it.
There are complaints about the eye flu outbreak in the village, it would be good to have a camp.
There are complaints that many can't afford glaucoma treatment because it's expensive in the hospital.
There are many patients who need eye surgery, but there's a problem due to lack of equipment.
Vision problems are increasing among people here, we need to find out the reason.
There's news that many students are having difficulty reading due to refractive errors.
Patients are having problems because medicines to cure eye infections are not always available.
There are complaints about the lack of budget to run eye camps in remote areas.
Many old people come with complaints of blurred vision, maybe it's because of cataracts.
It's a problem not having eye testing equipment in the village, it would be easier for many if we had one.
There are complaints that many patients' eyesight has weakened due to not getting treatment on time.
Many patients complain that they still can't see well even after eye surgery.
Locals here take eye problems lightly and neglect them.
There are many complaints that eye infections get worse after using home remedies.
Some patients complained that the doctor didn't check them properly and finished the consultation quickly.
Patients are annoyed having to wait a long time for eye treatment at the hospital.
Poor patients complained about having problems because they can't afford eye medicine.
There are complaints about having to take out loans because cataract surgery is very expensive.
The state should provide some assistance to those who have lost their eyesight due to glaucoma.
Old people complain that it's difficult to walk around because of poor eyesight.
Refractive error problem is increasing in children too, should get it checked on time.
There's a complaint that medicines for eye infections are not always available in pharmacies.
Many patients are having problems because they have to go to Kathmandu for eye surgery.
There's a complaint that the doctor who came to the eye camp in the village didn't check properly.
It's a problem when specialist doctors don't come to the village for eye treatment.
Many patients have complained about eye pain and burning sensation.
Suspecting refractive error because vision is not clear even with glasses.
There's also a complaint about infection after eye surgery.
I found that people here have a lot of misconceptions about cataracts.
There's a complaint that glaucoma medicine needs to be taken regularly, but many don't care.
Need to provide information about nutritious food to improve weak eyesight.
It's difficult to explain that cleanliness needs to be maintained to avoid eye infections.
Patients are frustrated having to wait many days to register for surgery.
There is a complaint that there is not enough budget for eye treatment in the village.
It would be good to have a check-up camp in schools for the treatment of refractive error.
There is an obligation to go to the hospital after the eye infection does not heal, there are no facilities in the village.
There is a complaint that there is no suitable place to rest after eye surgery.
There are many patients who need cataract surgery, but there is a shortage of doctors.
Those who have lost their sight due to glaucoma should be taken to a rehabilitation center.
There is a complaint that many elderly people are having difficulty doing daily work due to poor eyesight.
There are increasing complaints that kids' eyes are getting weak from using mobile phones too much.
There are complaints of not being able to go to school for many days because of eye infection.
There's a problem because there's no transportation to reach the hospital for surgery.
It's necessary to spread awareness about eye treatment in the village.
Many people are having difficulty because they have to go to the city to make glasses.
Many farmers are complaining that they can't work because of eye infection.
There are complaints of not being able to buy glasses after surgery because they are expensive.
We need to stop those who spread misinformation about cataracts.
Many people complained about having side effects from taking glaucoma medicine.
Many old people complain that they are lonely because their eyesight is weak.
When brought to the ICU, the patient's eyes were blurry, maybe they'll need eye surgery soon.
When taken to the hospital, an old patient said he was suffering a lot from cataracts.
Many of the people I saw at the health camp had weak eyesight.
A child was brought to the emergency room with an eye infection.
The person injured in the accident needs eye surgery, we are treating him in the ICU.
When there was an eye camp in the village, many people were found to need cataract surgery.
I heard the doctor tell the patient that they need eye surgery.
In the ambulance, the patient complained that they couldn't see well because of an eye problem.
An old man who came to the camp said he had eye surgery before but is having problems again now.
The patient being treated in the ICU has weak eyesight, so further examination is needed.
The patient I brought in the ambulance had a really bad eye infection.
Many people came to the camp for cataract surgery, I took them to the hospital.
Being an ambulance driver, I've taken many eye patients to the hospital.
There's a lot of patient rush at the hospital for eye surgery.
The patient who came for eye treatment had to be kept in the ICU.
In the ambulance, the patient was worried about their eyesight getting weak.
The patient had to be taken from the ICU to the operation theater for eye surgery.
In the ICU, one patient is suffering from a serious eye infection.
The patient brought in the ambulance was asking about cataract surgery.
When people got their eyes checked at the health camp, many had vision problems.
The eye condition of the patient being treated in the ICU is complicated.
The patient had to be taken to the hospital in an ambulance for eye surgery.
At the health camp, one person said they were having a lot of problems due to an eye infection.
In the ICU, the doctors are preparing the patient for eye surgery.
In the ambulance, the patient said they were seeing blurry because of cataracts.
In the ICU, the patient who had eye surgery is being rested.
The patient with an eye infection has been admitted to the hospital's ICU.
At the health camp, patients with cataracts had come for surgery.
In the ambulance, one patient asked when their eye surgery would be.
While bringing them in the ambulance, one patient expressed sadness about losing their eyesight.
A patient who came to the health camp needs to have eye surgery.
The patient in the ICU is in a lot of pain because of an eye infection.
Many people were found to have cataracts when they had their eyes checked at the health camp.
Surgery is needed to restore the eyesight of the patient being treated in the ICU.
In the ambulance, a patient asked how safe eye surgery is.
The patient in the ICU has been given medicine to treat the eye infection.
The patient is being prepared in the ICU for eye surgery.
Many people came to the health camp for cataract treatment.
In the ambulance, the patient said how difficult life is when eyesight is weak.
A patient with a severe eye infection in the ICU is under special observation.
This child has a fever, and they came to get checked because they suspect dengue.
The postpartum mother's fever hasn't gone away, so she needs to be tested for malaria.
This child has jaundice, there may be a risk of hepatitis, see a doctor immediately.
Take your diabetes medicine regularly, it will affect the baby.
If you don't take your high blood pressure medicine on time, it could be dangerous for both mother and baby.
You must take tuberculosis medicine regularly, otherwise the disease will not be cured.
Since the patient has severe diarrhea and vomiting, it seems necessary to test for cholera due to suspicion.
COVID-19 infection is increasing in the hospital, so visits need to be restricted.
This child may have typhoid, a blood test is needed.
Pay attention to cleanliness to avoid leptospirosis infection.
High blood pressure is increasing in pregnant women, you should rest.
Many mothers are worried that diabetes will affect their baby.
Don't be afraid that TB medicine will affect the baby, take it as advised by the doctor.
I've sent the patients who I suspected had malaria for testing.
Due to the increasing dengue outbreak, the hospital is crowded with patients.
I request you to wear a mask and maintain social distance to avoid the risk of Covid-19.
We had to give vitamin supplements to the mother who became weak due to typhoid.
To avoid cholera, only drink boiled water.
To avoid hepatitis, special attention should be paid to cleanliness.
Take precautions while working in the fields to reduce the risk of leptospirosis.
This mother's diabetes has increased, so we need to give her insulin.
Antidepressant medicine also helps to control high blood pressure.
If you have stomach pain due to TB medicine, inform the doctor.
If malaria is not treated on time, it can be fatal.
To avoid dengue, don't let water collect around the house.
Call the pregnant women who have missed the Covid-19 vaccine immediately.
Don't breastfeed the baby until typhoid is cured.
To prevent dehydration due to cholera, Jeevan Jal should be taken.
It is necessary to get vaccinated to prevent Hepatitis B.
If you see symptoms of leptospirosis, go to the hospital immediately.
Looks like diabetes also caused high blood pressure.
Sometimes high blood pressure medicine can also cause joint pain.
TB medicine can weaken muscles, eat protein-rich foods.
Malaria has caused a blood infection, treatment should be started immediately.
The dengue test report will come tomorrow, rest now.
Due to Covid-19, many mothers are under mental stress, counseling is needed.
You can take paracetamol to reduce typhoid fever.
Pay attention to personal hygiene to avoid cholera.
If you see symptoms of hepatitis, consult a doctor immediately.
Antibiotic medicine should be given for the treatment of leptospirosis.
Looks like diabetes has caused a wound on the foot, regular dressing should be done.
If you have a headache due to high blood pressure, don't panic, rest.
TB medicine can cause skin allergies, show it to the doctor.
Malaria medicine can cause nausea, take it after eating.
Platelets have decreased due to dengue, you may need to be hospitalized.
Get a booster dose to avoid Covid-19 infection.
It is necessary to rest even after typhoid is cured.
If you get cholera, go to the hospital immediately and get saline water.
Pay attention to food to avoid hepatitis.
Leptospirosis can affect the kidneys, take precautions.
During monsoon, dirty water collects and increases the risk of diarrhea, so pay attention to hygiene.
Neglecting newborn care can cause infection, so be careful.
If you don't vaccinate on time, the child is at risk of various diseases, so vaccinate according to the schedule.
Malnutrition hinders the physical and mental development of children, so pay special attention to diet.
If you have a fever, don't just do home remedies, consult a doctor immediately.
Diarrhea in children can cause dehydration, so use Jeevan Jal.
If growth monitoring is not done on time, the child's development may be problematic, so get regular check-ups.
Regularly give deworming medicine to prevent worms in the stomach.
During the rainy season, drink water only after boiling it, otherwise there is a risk of infection.
If the child has breathing problems, take them to the hospital immediately, don't be negligent.
Premature babies need special care, so pay attention.
Don't buy medicine from the pharmacy and give it to the child, it can have side effects.
If the child has any type of allergy, see a doctor immediately.
If the child does not eat well, they may become malnourished, so seek medical advice.
During the rainy season, there is a risk of infection in the hands and feet, so pay attention to cleanliness.
If the child has a cough, home remedies may not be enough, so consult a doctor.
Vaccinate your child to protect them from pneumonia.
If diarrhea is not treated in time, it can make the child serious, take them to the hospital immediately.
Keep the newborn clean and get regular check-ups to protect them from infection.
If the child's weight is low or not increasing, contact a health worker immediately.
If you don't give deworming medicine to kids, they can have problems like stomach ache, vomiting.
Don't give medicine randomly when kids have fever, take advice from health worker.
During diarrhea, give enough ORS to kids, don't let them get dehydrated.
If you don't monitor child's growth regularly, big problems can come in the future.
If they don't get vaccine on time, there is risk of low immunity in kids.
In rainy season, stale food can cause diarrhea, only give fresh food to eat.
To protect child from malnutrition, feed balanced diet, give lots of green vegetables and fruits.
If fever doesn't go down or other symptoms appear, take to hospital immediately, don't delay.
Give enough fluids to child with diarrhea, protect from dehydration.
If any problem is seen in child's growth, consult with health worker immediately.
Don't be lazy to give deworming medicine to kids, it can have negative effect on health.
If child has fever, give right amount of paracetamol, don't give too much.
Use clean water when making ORS, dirty water can cause infection.
If you don't regularly monitor child's growth, it can affect physical development in future.
If you miss vaccination, the chance of getting disease increases, vaccinate on time.
In monsoon, mosquitoes grow in places where water collects, this can spread diseases like malaria and dengue.
If child doesn't get enough nutrition, immunity decreases, so pay attention to food.
If child has fever, don't cover with clothes, keep in airy place.
If child has diarrhea, let them rest and give plenty of fluids.
If child's growth is not on time, take advice from specialist, don't ignore.
Don't forget to give deworming medicine to kids twice a year.
If you don't take a child with fever to the hospital quickly, there might be complications.
When a child has diarrhea, don't give them milk products, it can make things worse.
Delaying monitoring a child's growth can make treatment harder in the future.
Don't put your child at risk because you're scared of vaccines, vaccines protect from many diseases.
When bathing a newborn, don't use very cold water, they can get pneumonia.
To protect your child from malnutrition, feed them different kinds of food, don't just depend on one thing.
If home remedies don't cure a child's fever, take them to the doctor right away.
If a child has diarrhea, don't let them get dehydrated, give them Jeevan Jal regularly.
When taking a feverish patient to the primary health center, don't forget to get them checked for malaria.
When taking a diabetic patient to the hospital, take some food with you for them to eat on the way.
After taking a TB patient to the health center, treatment should start immediately.
It's good for patients with high blood pressure to get checked at the primary health center.
When taking a patient with diarrhea to the health post, don't forget to give them Jeevan Jal, there may be a risk of cholera.
If you suspect dengue, the patient should be taken to the health center immediately.
When taking a COVID-19 patient to the hospital, be sure to use a mask and sanitizer.
When taking a typhoid patient to a health facility, keep them in a comfortable environment.
After taking a hepatitis patient to the hospital, give all the information to the doctor.
If you see symptoms of leptospirosis, take the patient to the health center as soon as possible.
When taking a patient with joint pain to the health post, put them in a comfortable seat.
It's good to take patients with skin problems to the primary health center.
Patients with liver problems should be taken to the hospital immediately.
Take precautions when taking heart patients to the health center.
If a patient has fever and body aches, get them checked at the primary health center and give them paracetamol.
Patients taking depression medicine should be taken to the health center for regular check-ups.
Don't give patients taking antifungal medicine any medicine without a doctor's advice.
HIV-infected people should be given ART medicine regularly, consult at the health center.
Advise people to take mosquito nets from the primary health center and use them to avoid malaria.
Health workers have suggested taking high blood pressure medicine regularly.
Patients taking TB medicine should be taken to the health center for regular follow-ups.
Advise diabetic patients to control their sugar levels.
Encourage people to clean around their houses to avoid dengue.
Encourage people to get vaccinated to avoid Covid-19.
Advise people to drink clean water to avoid typhoid.
Contact the health center to get vaccinated to avoid hepatitis.
Pay attention to cleanliness to avoid leptospirosis.
Advise heart patients to exercise regularly.
Use warm water to relieve joint pain.
Wear clean clothes to avoid skin diseases.
Don't eat oily food to keep your liver healthy.
At the health post, check the fever and give paracetamol.
Give psychosocial counseling to depression patients.
You have to clean the skin before applying antifungal cream.
Remind the patient to take ART medicine on time.
Advise diabetic patients to exercise regularly.
Teach TB patients to cover their mouth when coughing.
To avoid malaria, you should use mosquito nets.
To avoid dengue, don't let water collect around the house.
To avoid Covid-19, maintain social distance.
To avoid typhoid, drink boiled water.
To avoid cholera, wash your hands with soap and water after defecating.
To avoid hepatitis, have safe sex.
To avoid leptospirosis, wear boots when working in the fields.
Advise heart patients not to smoke.
Advise patients with joint pain to rest.
If you have a skin disease, consult a doctor.
If you have liver problems, don't drink alcohol.
Are diabetic patients at higher risk if they get dengue?
What to do if a person taking medicine to control high blood pressure gets dengue?
Which medicine is safe to use if a TB patient gets dengue?
A patient suspected of malaria tested positive for dengue too, how to treat now?
What kind of effect does dengue fever have on the skin, and what's the treatment?
A patient with fever tested negative for COVID-19, but shows dengue symptoms, what to do now?
A patient suffering from diarrhea and fever is suspected of typhoid, but should we also test for dengue?
If a patient comes from an area with cholera outbreak and has a fever, should we test for dengue or not?
How likely is it for a patient with jaundice to have dengue, should we test or not?
Should we also test for dengue in a patient showing symptoms similar to leptospirosis?
What kind of antibiotics should not be given to dengue patients?
If a patient taking high blood pressure medicine gets dengue, which medicine should be stopped?
What to do if a patient taking HIV medicine (antiretroviral) gets dengue?
How effective is the use of antifungal medicine in dengue infection?
What to do if dengue causes stomach pain?
What effect does dengue fever have on a patient's heart?
Can dengue cause ear problems?
How to keep diabetic patients safe during a dengue epidemic?
What precautions should high blood pressure patients take to avoid dengue?
What should be done to protect tuberculosis patients from dengue infection?
Does the campaign run for malaria control also help in dengue control?
How to differentiate between dengue and COVID-19 when the symptoms are similar?
How to treat if typhoid and dengue occur together?
What are some ways to avoid cholera and dengue infection?
What complications can arise if a jaundice patient gets dengue?
What's the difference in treatment for leptospirosis and dengue?
What should you not feed a patient with dengue fever?
How long does it take for the skin rashes from a dengue infection to heal?
How many days do dengue patients need to stay in the hospital?
What precautions should be taken when treating dengue?
How to make the community aware to avoid dengue infection?
What kind of programs should the local government bring to control dengue?
How much does it cost to get tested for dengue?
Is the dengue vaccine available in Nepal or not?
How to take care of dengue patients at home?
What medicine is dangerous to use during a dengue infection?
What to do to reduce stomach pain caused by dengue?
What to do if you have a problem with increased heart rate during a dengue infection?
How to treat ear problems caused by dengue?
What kind of clothes should you wear to avoid dengue?
What should you do around the house to avoid the risk of dengue?
What kind of arrangements are there at the health post to provide information about dengue?
Where to take dengue patients in case of emergency?
How long does it take to get the dengue test results?
How long does it take to recover from a dengue infection?
What to do if dengue causes dehydration?
Can Ayurvedic medicine be used in dengue treatment or not?
What kind of environment is needed to rest during a dengue infection?
Where can I find more information about dengue?
What kind of programs is the government running for dengue control?
Not taking high blood pressure medicine regularly increases the risk of stroke.
If diabetic patients don't take insulin on time, serious problems can occur.
Ignoring joint pain can lead to surgery later on.
If a thyroid problem is detected, not treating it immediately can affect the heart.
Asthma patients may face an emergency if they don't always carry their inhaler.
Ignoring liver disease can be life-threatening.
Get timely medical advice to prevent kidney problems from becoming complicated.
If you suspect cancer, get tested immediately; delay can be fatal.
Heart patients should not stop taking medication without consulting a doctor.
Ignoring a tooth infection can spread to other parts of the body.
Stopping depression medication in between can have serious health effects.
Using antibiotics unnecessarily reduces immunity.
If you have high blood pressure, don't eat too many salty foods.
If diabetes patients don't control sugary foods, their health can worsen.
Too much paracetamol for pain relief can affect the liver.
Ignoring arthritis pain can make it difficult to walk.
Being careless with thyroid treatment can mess with other hormones too.
If asthma gets worse, go to the hospital right away, staying home can be dangerous.
If high blood pressure medicine isn't working, tell the doctor immediately.
If diabetes patients don't exercise regularly, the problem can get worse.
If kidney stones aren't removed on time, the kidneys might stop working.
Delaying cancer treatment reduces the chances of recovery.
If you suspect a heart attack, get to the hospital immediately.
Ignoring fatty liver problems can lead to cirrhosis.
Home remedies alone might not be enough to reduce joint pain.
Thyroid problems can cause uncontrolled weight, pay attention.
Asthma patients should avoid the cold, otherwise it can be hard to breathe.
High blood pressure can weaken eyesight, get it checked on time.
If diabetes causes foot ulcers, don't ignore it, it might need amputation.
Even after cancer treatment, go for regular follow-ups, it can come back.
Eat less oily food to avoid heart disease.
People with liver disease should not drink alcohol.
Kidney patients shouldn't drink less water, drink according to doctor's advice.
Asthma patients should avoid pollution, otherwise their health can get worse.
To control high blood pressure, do yoga regularly.
Diabetic patients should stay away from stress, it increases sugar levels.
If you have thyroid problems, don't forget to eat iodized salt.
To avoid heart disease, do physical exercise regularly.
To avoid cancer, don't smoke or drink alcohol.
If you see problems in your eyes, you might need to get eye surgery immediately.
After cataract surgery, get your eyes checked regularly.
To protect eyesight, diabetic patients should keep their insulin levels balanced.
High blood pressure can affect the eyes, so keep your blood pressure under control.
If it's hard to do daily tasks because of poor vision, get special training.
If not treated on time, glaucoma can cause permanent loss of eyesight.
If your eyesight is weak, wear glasses, don't ignore it.
If children have eye problems, take them to an eye hospital immediately.
When working on the computer a lot, blink your eyes from time to time to rest them.
If you have problems like eye pain, redness, or itching, see a doctor immediately.
If your vision is blurry when driving at night, get a refractive error test.
Vitamin supplements help keep your eyes healthy, but only take them with doctor's advice.
When working in the fields, wear safety glasses to protect your eyes from injury.
After eye surgery, take medicine regularly according to the doctor's advice.
Regular eye checkups help to identify cataracts early.
Eat plenty of green vegetables and fruits to improve your eyesight.
The risk of eye infections increases during the rainy season, so keep your eyes clean.
If you need eye surgery, get plenty of rest before coming to the hospital.
Take your glaucoma medicine regularly, otherwise the optic nerve may dry out.
If you have any eye problems, see a doctor immediately instead of doing home remedies.
If your eyesight is weak, reduce your use of mobile phones and computers.
If you get an eye injury, wash it with clean water immediately and go to the hospital.
After eye surgery, strictly follow the instructions given by the doctor.
Stay away from dust and smoke to protect your eyes.
You have cataracts in your eye, you may need surgery.
If you don't take high blood pressure medicine regularly, it will affect your eyes, be careful.
If you have a refractive error, you can think about laser surgery.
Pay attention to personal hygiene to prevent the spread of eye infections.
If it is difficult to read due to poor eyesight, use a large print book.
Eat foods like carrots and spinach to improve your eyesight.
Rest your eyes when watching too much TV or using your mobile phone.
You should rest for a few days after eye surgery, don't do too much work.
If glaucoma is not treated in time, there is a risk of blindness.
To avoid eye infections, do not use other people's handkerchiefs.
In the rainy season, there's a chance of eye allergies, so be careful.
If it's hard to drive because of weak eyesight, take help from others.
After eye surgery, don't forget to get checked at the time the doctor says.
To protect your eyesight, it's important to keep diabetes under control.
If it's hard to see far away things because of refractive error, wear glasses.
If you have an eye infection, don't buy medicine randomly from the pharmacy.
Your eye has a growing cataract, prepare for surgery.
Eye pressure has increased because of glaucoma, start treatment immediately.
Regular eye exercise helps to make your vision strong.
Vitamin supplements keep the eyes healthy, but don't take them without a doctor's advice.
After eye surgery, put in the eye drops the doctor gave you regularly.
If it's hard to write because of weak eyesight, use bigger letters.
In the rainy season, take special care to protect your eyes from infection.
After eye surgery, don't use any medicine without the doctor's advice.
To protect your eyesight, do yoga and meditation, reduce stress.
Old people have a risk of breaking bones by falling on the porch, be careful.
When putting pesticide in the garden, protect children and old people, they might consume poison.
There's a risk of breaking bones by slipping and falling in the bathroom, take precautions.
There's a risk of dying by drowning while swimming in the pond, don't leave those who don't know how to swim alone.
If you have a stomach ache from indigestion, take doctor's advice before eating antacid tablets, it could also be a symptom of a heart attack.
If someone gets bitten by a snake, take them to the hospital immediately to prevent the poison from spreading.
If someone gets electrocuted, take them to the hospital right away, it could be fatal if you're late.
If someone faints at home, call an ambulance immediately, it could be a stroke.
If there's excessive bleeding, take them to the hospital immediately, it's life-threatening.
If you're allergic to a medicine, go to the doctor right away, it could be anaphylaxis.
Be careful while warming yourself by the fire, you could get seriously burned.
Always supervise children while they're playing, they could get injured.
Avoid the risk of falling in old age because bones become weak.
If you feel like you have heart pain, go to the hospital immediately, it could be a sign of a heart attack.
There's a risk of snakes in the fields, don't send old people alone.
If you see someone collapse from electric shock, don't go near them, turn off the main switch.
If you suspect someone has ingested poison, take them to the hospital immediately, don't try to induce vomiting.
A person who has drowned and is unconscious needs immediate first aid.
Immediately pour cold water on the burned area, don't use ice.
If someone falls and breaks a bone, take them to the hospital immediately, don't move it incorrectly.
If you have difficulty breathing due to an allergy, go to the hospital immediately.
If someone suddenly collapses at home, immediately suspect a stroke and take them to the hospital.
If you're allergic to a medicine, stop taking it immediately and consult a doctor.
If bitten by a snake, don't rely on traditional healers, take them to the hospital immediately.
After first aid, take the person injured by electric shock to the hospital immediately.
Take the poisoning patient to the hospital as soon as possible.
When swimming, only swim with experienced people because there is a risk of drowning.
Always be careful to avoid accidents caused by fire.
If a bone is broken from a fall, take them to the hospital immediately, don't do home remedies.
Take a person who has been electrocuted and is unconscious to the hospital immediately.
If someone has a heart attack, CPR should be given immediately.
Stroke patients need treatment as soon as possible, take them to the hospital on time.
Store pesticides safely to avoid poisoning.
If someone drowns while swimming, they should be rescued immediately.
Always be aware to avoid accidents caused by fire.
If a bone is broken from a fall, seek medical advice immediately.
If someone gets an electric shock, turn off the power supply immediately.
If anaphylaxis is not treated immediately, it can be fatal.
If bitten by a snake, go to the hospital immediately without doing home remedies.
If you have a heart attack, take them to the hospital immediately.
Get treatment immediately if you have a stroke, otherwise you may become disabled.
If poisoned, take them to the hospital immediately.
Considering the risk of drowning while swimming, wear a life jacket.
Always be careful to avoid accidents caused by fire.
If a bone is broken from a fall, go to the hospital immediately.
If someone gets electrocuted, take them to the nearest hospital immediately.
To avoid anaphylaxis, don't eat foods you're allergic to.
In the postpartum ward, take care of both the mother and baby's health; too much stress can have a negative impact.
In this time after the flood, many people may have mental stress, get psychosocial counseling services.
When caring for a newborn, if the mother shows symptoms of depression, inform a health worker immediately.
Excessive use of regular pain relievers can have serious effects on health.
Many mothers may have anxiety after giving birth, it is necessary to consult a psychiatrist in time.
The risk of suicide may increase among those displaced by the floods, be aware.
Iron and vitamin supplement deficiencies during and after pregnancy can lead to depression.
A weak mentality during postpartum can lead to mental illnesses like schizophrenia.
In the post-flood situation, there is a possibility of falling into drug addiction, be aware of this.
Many people visiting patients in the maternity ward can increase the risk of infection.
Postpartum mothers need adequate rest, otherwise there is a risk of post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
Mental health problems may increase in flood-affected areas, let's run community mental health programs.
The use of antidepressant medication during postpartum can have negative effects on the baby, do not use without consulting a doctor.
If someone is thinking about suicide, contact the suicide prevention helpline immediately.
Long-term use of pain relievers can affect the kidneys.
Lack of adequate nutrition during postpartum can lead to anemia.
Psychological counseling and psychotherapy can help a lot during depression.
Women displaced by the floods may experience mental health problems, provide them with psychosocial support.
Health workers need to get training to identify mental health problems.
If new mothers don't get proper rest and nutrition, it can affect their brain.
It's natural to feel anxiety and fear in this difficult situation after the flood, but don't ignore it.
If someone shows unusual behavior or shows symptoms of schizophrenia, get help from a mental health specialist immediately.
Pay special attention to cleanliness to protect newborns from infection.
Keep new mothers away from smoking and alcohol, it can increase depression.
The risk of drug abuse increases in those who lost their homes due to the flood, take them to a rehabilitation center.
Participate in activities like yoga and meditation to reduce mental stress.
If someone is having suicidal thoughts, don't leave them alone and help them immediately.
New mothers need support from family and friends, don't make them feel lonely.
Increase access to mental health services in the flood-affected area.
If someone experiences side effects from antiparasitic medicine, consult a doctor immediately.
If you have trouble breathing, go to the hospital immediately, it could be pneumonia.
If you see symptoms of depression, do not use antidepressant medicine without consulting a psychiatrist.
The risk of infection increases due to the dirty water after the flood, be careful.
If someone has attempted suicide, take them to the hospital immediately.
Don't ignore mental health problems, they can get worse and become serious.
Advise new mothers to drink enough water, lack of water has a negative impact on health.
Conduct mental health camps in the flood-affected area.
If someone experiences symptoms such as headache, dizziness, or fainting, take them to the hospital immediately.
If depression is affecting your daily life, get help from a psychiatrist.
If someone is having an anxiety attack, take them to a calm place and have them take deep breaths.
New mothers need enough rest, lack of sleep can affect the brain.
Many people have lost loved ones due to the floods, help them with grief management.
If someone is addicted to drugs, take them to a rehabilitation center.
Don't discriminate against people suffering from mental health problems in society, help them.
Get vaccinated to prevent epidemics after the flood.
Keep new mothers in a stress-free environment, stress can reduce milk production.
If someone is thinking about suicide, remind them that life is precious.
Mobilize community mental health workers in the flood-affected area.
Both counseling and medication play an important role in the treatment of depression.
If someone shows symptoms of schizophrenia, take them to a mental hospital immediately.
Is it normal to have rashes on the body like this when you have a fever?
I have a headache and feel nauseous, and I also have red spots on my body, is this some kind of infection?
I'm very bothered by cough and fatigue, and I also have rashes on my skin, what should I do?
My joints are also hurting along with the rash, what could be the reason for this?
It looks like an allergy, but since you also have a fever, it's good to get tested once.
This red rash is getting worse, go to the hospital immediately.
Could this rash be due to a side effect of the medicine?
Apply antifungal cream for this skin allergy, you will feel better.
Since you have fever and rashes, it's good to get a COVID test once.
I have these spots on my skin, and they itch too, what to do?
This rash is very itchy, is there any home remedy?
If you have fever and rashes on your body, you might suspect dengue.
To find out the cause of these rashes, some blood tests may be needed.
These spots look like an allergy, but you also have a fever, it's better to see a doctor.
I feel very uncomfortable after getting these rashes on my skin and they start itching.
Doctor, what could be the reason for these rashes, please tell me.
Because of this rash, I am having difficulty working too.
These spots look like a normal allergy, but can't say without checking.
This rash didn't get better even after taking medicine for fever and cough, what to do?
You might need to take antibiotics for this skin problem.
I have these spots on my body, is this a symptom of any serious illness?
If you see such rashes on your skin along with fever, contact a doctor immediately.
Scratching this rash has caused wounds, so there may be an infection, pay attention.
Doctor, how long will it take for this rash to heal?
Because of this rash, I haven't been able to sleep all night.
Take paracetamol to reduce fever and headache.
This spot looks like measles, it's good to get it checked once.
Apply antiseptic cream on this rash, it will heal quickly.
If you have cough and difficulty breathing, go to the hospital immediately.
I have these rashes on my body, is it because of some allergy?
This red rash is getting bigger, what should I do?
Since you have fever and rashes, it's good to get a COVID test once.
I have these spots on my skin, and it's also itchy, is it some kind of infection?
Take paracetamol to reduce fever and headache, it's safe.
Have you come to collect your daughter's urine test report? Please show this receipt.
Come to collect your father's blood test report by 3 o'clock tomorrow.
Grandfather needs a chest X-ray, please go and talk to the reception first.
If you have stomach pain, the doctor has told you to do an ultrasound, make an appointment.
Since there is a heart problem, you may need to do an ECG, you may have to stay on an empty stomach.
If the headache doesn't get better, you may need to do an MRI, consult a doctor first.
If you need to do a CT scan, you have been called tomorrow at 8 am, please come on time.
The doctor has informed me that I need to have a throat biopsy, what to do now?
For your sister's sputum test, spit into this container and bring it.
Your sister-in-law's pregnancy test report will come tomorrow, come and get it.
They have said to bring the first urine of the morning for the urine test, please do that.
Take this paper that the doctor has prescribed for the blood test, all the information is there.
There is some problem in the X-ray report, show it to the doctor again.
You have to stay on an empty stomach during the ultrasound, so don't eat anything today.
Dad needs to be admitted to the hospital for an ECG, so get ready.
It's good to talk to the doctor before you make an appointment for the MRI.
Don't wear jewelry during the CT scan, keep it safe.
The biopsy report will take a few days, wait patiently.
Use a clean container for the sputum test, don't mix anything else in.
You need to do a pregnancy test to find out if you're pregnant, do it now.
The urine test report shows an infection, show it to the doctor right away.
The blood test showed a thyroid problem, you might need to take medicine.
The doctor said to do an X-ray, but we are scared.
We need to see if the baby's condition is okay in the ultrasound.
The ECG report is not normal, so you might need more tests.
Take off all metal objects before going into the MRI machine.
If you feel any reaction in your body during the CT scan, tell us immediately.
The biopsy result helps to find the disease, so get it done properly.
You should show the sputum test report to the doctor and start the medicine.
The pregnancy test is positive, now you should take the doctor's advice.
The doctor said to come for a urine test before taking medicine.
The blood test shows high sugar, pay attention to your diet.
You'll need to take the X-ray report and go see the doctor again.
Ask if the ultrasound will show gallstones or not.
Stand in line for the ECG, we'll call you when it's your turn.
Show the MRI report to the doctor and understand what it says.
You have to drink a lot of water for the CT scan, so prepare yourself.
Take good care of the wound after the biopsy, don't let it get infected.
TB was found in the sputum test, you have to take the medicine regularly.
The pregnancy test came back negative, get it checked again.
White blood cells were found in the urine test, it could be a sign of infection.
Hemoglobin is low in the blood test, eat iron-rich foods.
I need to ask if the X-ray has any effect from radiation.
Find out how much the ultrasound costs and then pay.
There is some problem in the ECG report, you might need to do more tests.
You have to stay still for a long time for the MRI, so prepare yourself.
Go and ask how long it takes for the CT scan report to come.
Ask the doctor if it hurts when doing a biopsy.
You may have to give samples continuously for three days for the sputum test.
It is better to come early in the morning for the pregnancy test, don't rush.
Many people have joint pain problems because of the environment here, I advise you to exercise regularly.
The number of people inquiring about the drug rehabilitation center in the hospital has increased.
Excessive alcohol consumption affects the liver, so its consumption should be reduced.
Smoking has a negative effect on the heart, quit smoking if possible.
There's a growing crowd of people buying vitamin supplements at the pharmacy.
The hospital also has counseling services available for drug addiction.
During the rainy season, there's a high chance of getting waterborne diseases, so antiparasitic medicine can be useful.
The hospital has insulin available for diabetic patients.
Don't use antibiotics randomly without a doctor's advice.
People who drink a lot of alcohol during the rainy season are showing health problems.
People who smoke a lot are having breathing problems.
Family support is necessary to get rid of drug addiction.
This medicine reduces joint pain, but regular use can have other side effects too.
People who drink alcohol regularly have a high chance of developing liver problems.
It has been found that many people's hearts have become weak due to smoking.
Many medicines can affect the brain.
A new rehabilitation center has opened at the hospital for the treatment of drug addiction.
It is good to take vitamin supplements to avoid infections during the rainy season.
This medicine is an antibiotic, only take it according to your doctor's advice.
Many people come here to get medicine to quit alcohol addiction.
This medicine will reduce your joint pain.
Excessive tobacco use can cause oral cancer.
Due to drug addiction, young people are becoming mentally weak.
Patients receive regular counseling at the rehabilitation center.
The doctor prescribed me medicine for a liver problem.
Smoking affects not only the lungs but also the heart.
Drug addiction can cause serious damage to the brain.
Various therapies are available here at the rehab center.
Vitamin supplements help boost immunity.
Antiparasitic medicine kills worms in the stomach.
Regular use of insulin helps control diabetes.
Antibiotics kill bacteria in the body.
Alcohol consumption reduces a person's decision-making ability.
Regular tobacco use weakens teeth and gums.
Drug use causes memory loss.
This rehab center has given many young people a new life.
Vitamin supplements help reduce fatigue.
Antiparasitic medicine can be useful during the rainy season.
Diabetic patients may have problems due to lack of insulin.
This antibiotic heals the infection quickly.
Many people have stomach problems because of alcohol.
Consuming tobacco products increases the risk of cancer.
It is necessary to get counseling to avoid drug addiction.
Psychiatrists are also available at this rehab center.
Vitamin supplements give the body the nutrients it needs.
Antiparasitic medicine kills the worms in the intestines.
A lot of patients came to the hospital because they couldn't manage their insulin.
Using antibiotics can weaken the immune system.
Alcohol affects not only the liver but also the brain.
Drug addiction causes a lot of problems in the family.
How many days has this child had diarrhea, can we give ORS or not?
The child looks very weak from malnutrition, where is the nutrition center?
Has this child's growth been monitored regularly or not, how to know?
Does anyone come to this village to give information about newborn care?
How to feed ORS to a child with diarrhea, does anyone know?
Why are so many children here having diarrhea problems?
This child also has a fever, is it because of the diarrhea?
When should this child be given deworming medicine, does anyone know?
Why is stunting so common in children here, what's the reason?
What should I feed this child to stop the diarrhea, I don't know?
What time does the health post open for vaccination, I need to go.
What foods should not be given to this child when they have diarrhea?
Is ORS available here to treat diarrhea or not?
Is this child weak because of diarrhea or malnutrition?
Is there a program here for regular weight checks and growth monitoring for kids?
This kid's skin is dry, is that a sign of malnutrition?
What should we do to prevent dehydration when this kid has diarrhea?
This kid has both fever and diarrhea, so what medicine should I give?
This kid's weight is low for their age, I wonder why?
Who teaches about sanitation in this village to prevent diarrhea?
Where should we take this kid if the diarrhea doesn't get better?
What kind of food is good to feed a child with diarrhea?
When is this kid supposed to get vaccinated, does anyone know?
What programs are running in this place to solve the problem of malnutrition?
This kid's bones seem weak, I wonder why?
How to protect a newborn from infection, are there any tips?
This kid has diarrhea, so what kind of liquid food is suitable to give?
What measures have been taken in this village for the prevention of diarrhea?
Why does this kid's stomach hurt, is it because of the diarrhea?
This kid's growth doesn't seem to be going well, what could be the reason?
When is deworming medicine distributed in this place, does anyone know?
How long should this kid be monitored after having diarrhea?
If this newborn has what kind of problem should we take them to the health post immediately?
What to do if this kid gets dehydrated due to diarrhea?
What kind of food should I feed this child to prevent malnutrition?
When is the diarrhea awareness program in this village?
How many times should I give ORS to this child after they get diarrhea?
Why is this child's skin so rough, should I take them to the doctor?
Who comes to monitor child growth in this place?
What should I do when this child has a fever?
What services are available for newborns in this village?
What can be done to comfort this child when they have diarrhea?
This child's bones seem weak, what should I feed them?
What medicine does the doctor give this child when they have diarrhea?
What should be done to prevent diseases caused by malnutrition in this place?
If this child has missed a vaccination, where should I go to get it done?
What kind of hygiene should be maintained when this child has diarrhea?
Is diarrhea treatment free in this place or not?
If this child shows what symptoms after having diarrhea, should they be taken to the hospital?
This child says their back hurts, is it because of diarrhea or is there some other problem?
Take paracetamol tablets to reduce the fever and keep the body cool.
If you suspect typhoid, get a blood test done immediately.
If you have diarrhea, drink Jeevan Jal and go to the hospital.
Get vaccinated to prevent hepatitis and do not use other people's syringes.
If a dog bites you, clean the wound well, bandage it, and go to the doctor immediately.
If you see symptoms of meningitis, get admitted to the hospital and get treatment.
If you have the flu, rest and drink plenty of fluids.
If you have diarrhea, drink lots of water and take salt-sugar solution.
If you have itchy skin, don't use any medicine without consulting a doctor.
Take typhoid medicine regularly and follow the doctor's advice.
If you have diarrhea, eat light and easily digestible food.
Get a blood test to prevent hepatitis.
Vaccinate your dog regularly to prevent rabies.
Pay attention to hygiene to prevent meningitis.
If you have the flu, rest at home so you don't infect others.
If you have itchy skin, dry your body well after bathing.
If you have stomach pain while taking typhoid medicine, inform the doctor.
If you have diarrhea, don't eat stale food.
If you see symptoms of hepatitis, go to the hospital immediately.
Don't delay getting the rabies vaccine, get it on time.
Boost your immunity to prevent meningitis.
If you have the flu, cover your mouth when you cough or sneeze.
If you have itchy skin, use clean clothes.
If the typhoid medicine doesn't work, inform the doctor.
If you have diarrhea, boil cumin in water and drink it.
To avoid hepatitis, don't have unprotected sex.
To avoid the risk of rabies, get your pets vaccinated regularly.
To avoid meningitis, get enough rest.
If you have the flu, drink hot water and lemon juice.
If you have itchy skin, don't scratch it too much and make it a wound.
Even after typhoid is cured, pay attention to your diet according to the doctor's advice.
Get vaccinated in time to avoid meningitis, it is a life-threatening disease.
After the earthquake, the number of patients with fever and headache in the ICU is increasing.
Many patients have come with complaints of nausea and vomiting.
Some patients admitted to the ICU have been experiencing difficulty breathing.
Earthquake victims are experiencing health problems due to fatigue.
A patient being treated in the ICU had to be given oxygen due to a severe cough.
Some patients are suffering from joint pain.
An elderly patient complained of blurred vision.
The doctor saw a red rash on the body of a woman being treated in the ICU.
Patients with broken bones from injuries have been kept in the ICU.
Patients who were injured in the earthquake and are bleeding are being treated here.
I saw a patient struggling because of a headache.
The patient is getting weaker due to a long-term fever.
After a patient vomited during treatment, the nurse cleaned it up.
Because he was coughing and having trouble breathing, he had to be put on a ventilator right away.
A health worker fainted in the ICU due to work fatigue.
A patient with body swelling had to get dialysis immediately.
Doctors are trying to stop the bleeding of a patient being treated in the ICU.
The patient may have a rash on their body because of the medicine.
The patient was given an oxygen mask because they were having trouble breathing.
Many people have had fever problems after the earthquake.
A patient was asking for pain medication because of a headache.
A patient refused to eat because they felt nauseous.
Because the patient was constantly vomiting, they were given saline to prevent dehydration.
The patient has been advised to drink warm water to reduce coughing.
The patient who felt tired was told to rest.
An ice pack was applied to reduce swelling in the injured area.
Pressure was applied to the bleeding wound to try and stop the bleeding.
The doctor has prescribed an ointment to apply on the rash.
The patient having difficulty breathing was given a nebulizer.
The number of patients with fever in the ICU is increasing.
After the headache didn't get better, the patient was taken for further examination.
The patient is feeling very weak because of nausea and vomiting.
The patient was admitted to the ICU after having a cough and difficulty breathing.
A patient stayed in bed for a long time due to fatigue.
The patient with swollen limbs was taken for further testing.
The patient needed an immediate blood transfusion because of blood loss.
The patient is feeling very uncomfortable due to fever and headache.
A patient asked for pain medication.
The patient was allowed to rest after feeling nauseous.
The patient was kept warm because they had a cough.
The patient needs plenty of rest to reduce fatigue.
The medication dosage had to be adjusted to reduce body swelling.
The patient was given necessary medicine to stop the bleeding.
The patient is having itching problems because of a rash.
The patient was immediately given oxygen after having difficulty breathing.
The nurse checked the patient's temperature to measure the fever.
The doctor prescribed pain medication to the patient with a headache.
The doctor gave the nauseous patient anti-vomiting medicine.
The patient with a cough was advised to drink warm water mixed with honey.
The patient who was weakened by fatigue was encouraged to rest.
Ayurvedic treatment is considered safer than other treatments, but it may take time to provide immediate relief.
Before surgery, you can try home remedies at home, maybe there will be some improvement.
Getting family's love and care at home is much better than getting ICU service in the hospital.
Ayurvedic medicine takes a long time to cure a disease, but allopathy cures it quickly.
Ayurvedic treatment has fewer side effects compared to chemotherapy.
It is better to keep your kidneys healthy by paying attention to your diet than doing dialysis.
Doing physiotherapy is more beneficial in the long run than taking medicine to reduce pain.
Ayurveda affects the body less compared to radiation therapy.
Antiretroviral drugs control HIV, but Ayurvedic medicine increases immunity compared to that.
It is better to rest at home and adopt home remedies than getting treatment in the hospital.
Using neem leaves is much better for the skin than using antifungal medicine.
It is better to eat natural foods than taking iron tablets to prevent anemia.
Anti-parasitic medicine kills worms in the stomach, but using home herbs is safer compared to that.
Doing yoga and meditation is better than surgery for heart problems.
It is more beneficial to do physiotherapy than taking painkillers to reduce joint pain.
Ayurvedic medicine increases the ability to fight disease, but allopathy cures it immediately.
It is good to adopt home remedies when giving birth at home, but if complications arise, take them to the hospital.
Those who believe in Ayurvedic treatment prefer to adopt a natural lifestyle compared to allopathy.
Although the use of Ayurvedic medicine is safe, it can be slow compared to immediate solutions like surgery.
Herbs are used in Ayurvedic treatment, but chemicals are used in chemotherapy.
Physiotherapy strengthens the body, but pain relievers provide temporary relief.
It is much better to heal with love by staying with family at home than being treated in the ICU.
Oral rehydration solution fixes dehydration, but other medicine cures the disease.
Dialysis does the work of the kidneys, but kidney transplant is much better.
It's believed that Ayurvedic treatment cures the disease from the root, but radiation therapy has an immediate effect.
Antiretroviral medicine controls the virus, but Ayurvedic treatment increases immunity.
Home remedies affect the skin less compared to antifungal medicine.
Iron tablets fix the lack of blood, but eating natural food is better for health.
Using neem leaves instead of anti-parasitic medicine has fewer side effects.
Surgery solves the immediate problem, but Ayurvedic treatment gives long-term benefits.
Physiotherapy strengthens the body, but resting at home gives peace of mind.
ICU care is very good, but you don't get the same love as at home.
Oral rehydration solution keeps the body hydrated, but medicine cures the disease.
Dialysis saves lives, but a kidney transplant gives a new life.
Ayurvedic treatment detoxes the body, but radiation therapy kills cancer cells.
Antiretroviral medicine controls HIV, but an Ayurvedic lifestyle increases immunity.
Antifungal medicine cures skin infections, but home remedies keep the skin soft.
Iron tablets increase blood, but healthy food strengthens the body.
Ayurvedic medicine affects the stomach less compared to anti-parasitic medicine.
Ayurvedic treatment increases immunity, but allopathy gives immediate relief.
Resting at home is much better than staying in the hospital.
Ayurvedic treatment is considered more natural than other treatment methods.
Instead of taking medicine for pain, it's better to rest at home.
ICU service in hospitals is expensive, but family's love at home gives a lot of relief.
Ayurvedic medicine takes a long time to cure diseases, but allopathy cures quickly. So if you want to get well soon, allopathy is better.
Before doing surgery, you can try Ayurvedic treatment methods.
They say Ayurvedic treatment has fewer side effects compared to chemotherapy.
Instead of dialysis for kidney problems, it is best to keep your kidneys healthy by paying attention to your diet.
If you suspect diabetes, get a blood test immediately, otherwise it will affect the baby.
If you don't take high blood pressure medicine regularly, it can be dangerous for both mother and baby.
If you see symptoms of tuberculosis, don't ignore it, there is a risk of infecting the baby too.
To avoid malaria, be sure to use mosquito nets, it can be fatal during pregnancy.
To avoid dengue, do not allow water to accumulate around the house, it can bother both mother and baby.
Get vaccinated and use a mask to stay safe from Covid-19.
During typhoid, drinking contaminated water can also infect the baby.
To avoid cholera, pay attention to hygiene, if you are careless, both mother and baby can get sick.
To avoid hepatitis, eat safe food, otherwise it can affect the liver.
To avoid leptospirosis, do not walk in dirty water, it can be deadly.
Do not ignore joint pain, it can cause complications during pregnancy.
Do not let the amount of sugar in the blood increase, it seriously affects the baby's health.
If your eyesight is weak, consult a doctor immediately, diabetes can cause vision loss.
Do not consider stomach ache as normal, it can be serious during pregnancy.
Diabetes can cause eye problems, so get regular checkups.
High blood pressure can increase headaches in pregnant women, see a doctor right away.
Don't stop taking TB medicine in the middle, it can make the disease worse.
If you have a fever during malaria, go to the hospital immediately, don't delay.
If you get dengue, rest and drink plenty of water, don't neglect it.
To avoid Covid-19, maintain social distance, don't be careless.
To avoid typhoid, only drink boiled water, don't drink other water.
To avoid cholera, wash your hands thoroughly before eating, otherwise you may get sick.
To avoid hepatitis, don't use needles that others have used, stay safe.
To avoid leptospirosis, don't let water get into wounds, it can cause infection.
Diabetes can cause foot ulcers, so take special care of your feet.
High blood pressure can cause heart problems, get regular checkups.
Tuberculosis can cause difficulty breathing, see a doctor immediately.
Malaria can cause anemia, eat iron-rich foods.
Dengue can cause a decrease in platelet count, rest.
Covid-19 can cause loss of taste and smell, be careful.
Typhoid can cause stomach pain, eat light food.
Cholera can cause dehydration, drink Jeevan Jal.
Hepatitis can cause yellowing of the skin, see a doctor immediately.
Leptospirosis can cause muscle pain, rest.
To control diabetes, don't eat sweet stuff, take care of your health.
To control high blood pressure, eat less salt, pay attention to your health.
To cure TB, take medicine regularly, don't be careless.
To avoid malaria, keep your surroundings clean, avoid mosquito bites.
To avoid dengue, wear long-sleeved clothes, stay safe.
To avoid Covid-19, don't go to crowded places, stay safe.
To avoid typhoid, don't eat outside food, eat home-cooked food.
To avoid cholera, always eat fresh food, don't eat stale food.
To avoid hepatitis, pay attention to personal hygiene, stay healthy.
To avoid leptospirosis, be careful when working in the fields, stay safe.
If you have diabetes, exercise regularly, keep your body healthy.
If you have high blood pressure, reduce stress, keep your mind calm.
It's getting hard to supply medicine because depression patients are increasing in the rehab center.
Many young people here are mentally stressed due to drug addiction, how can we help?
If I had training for suicide prevention, maybe I could help a little!
Many patients return disappointed because counseling services are not effective.
It would be good if we could run public awareness programs to deliver mental health services in the community.
Many patients come with anxiety problems, there is not enough medicine.
Without a counselor, we are unable to help those with psychosocial problems.
Patients return disappointed because therapy services are not effective.
People still hesitate a lot to talk openly about mental health problems.
Many ask for antifungal medicine but don't believe it when told their skin problem is from mental stress.
It's hard to admit new patients because there's not enough space in the rehab center.
Many patients who come here go home without completing treatment due to lack of money.
Drug users get even more depressed when their families neglect them.
The government should invest more in mental health services; it would help a lot of people in this situation.
The staff here also need mental health training.
Society's view of people with mental health problems needs to change.
Because there's a lack of psychiatrists here, we can't give patients good treatment.
Many patients come with joint pain, but they're actually depressed.
Some patients who come here show symptoms of schizophrenia, but it's a problem because there are no specialists.
The number of patients with liver problems due to drug use is increasing.
The rehab center lacks necessary equipment and infrastructure.
Patients need iron tablets, but we can't give them because there's a shortage.
Many patients ask for antiparasitic medicine, but their main problem is stress.
Many people come here with sleep problems due to mental stress.
People who have attempted suicide are brought here, but there aren't enough facilities.
Many patients who come here suffer from Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD).
There are no facilities for sports and recreation in the rehab center.
Many patients ask for high blood pressure medicine, but their main problem is anxiety.
There should be a system to give free medicine to poor patients.
Patients who come from the village are having a hard time adjusting to the city environment.
Many patients come with muscle pain problems, but the cause is mental stress.
If there was a library in the rehab center, it would be a great help to the patients.
The patients who come here need family support and love.
A conducive environment should be created to reintegrate people with mental health issues into society.
There are not enough mental health counselors here.
It would be great if yoga and meditation classes could be conducted at the rehab center.
Some patients come with bone pain problems, but they are depressed.
Many patients who come here are mentally stressed due to poverty.
The government needs to allocate more budget in the mental health sector.
The staff working here need regular supervision and feedback.
Volunteers should be mobilized to spread awareness about mental health issues in the community.
Patients who come here can be made self-reliant by providing skills training.
There should be an adequate supply of medicines in the rehabilitation center.
There should be an arrangement for patients to stay in regular contact with their families.
There should be a separate rehabilitation center for children with mental health problems.
Nutritious food should be provided to the patients who come here.
The rehabilitation center should be made environment friendly.
Patients who come here may also need legal aid.
We should bring special programs for senior citizens with mental health issues.
If there was internet in the rehab center, it would be much easier for the patients.
The patient needing surgery might need a blood transfusion.
If your stomach ache doesn't get better, you might need to take anti-parasitic medicine.
Diabetic patients need blood tests to adjust their insulin dosage.
Ayurvedic treatment can also be effective for skin problems.
Patients with high blood pressure might need antihypertensive medication.
Herbs found at home can also reduce common pain; it's a home remedy.
If you vomit a lot, drink oral rehydration solution.
Patients in the hospital might need ICU service.
If the eye problem is complicated, surgery might be needed.
It is believed that Ayurvedic medicine also cures many diseases.
If the medicine doesn't work, dialysis might be needed.
Chemotherapy is used to kill cancer cells.
Physiotherapy can also be helpful to reduce pain.
If needed, the patient might need a blood transfusion.
You should take the antifungal medicine prescribed by the doctor regularly.
Home remedies are good for common stomach aches.
You might need to do physiotherapy after surgery.
If hemoglobin is low in the blood, a blood transfusion might be needed.
If your eyes are red, you might need to use antibiotic medicine.
You can take help of Ayurveda for liver problems.
You might need to be kept in the ICU after surgery.
If you are dehydrated, drink oral rehydration solution.
Radiation therapy is also an option in cancer treatment.
Dialysis increases the kidney's ability to function.
Antiparasitic medicine kills stomach worms.
Apply antifungal cream for skin allergies.
Take antihypertensive medicine to control high blood pressure.
If you have a fever, take paracetamol at home, it's a home remedy.
If you have a lot of diarrhea, drink oral rehydration solution, Jeevan Jal.
Chemotherapy is very important in cancer treatment.
Blood management should be done to make the surgery successful.
Diabetic patients should get their insulin levels checked.
Physiotherapy reduces muscle pain.
If the wound doesn't heal, you might need to have surgery.
Many diseases can be cured by using Ayurvedic medicine.
Call patients who need dialysis for regular follow-up.
Cancer patients have many side effects from chemotherapy.
Radiation therapy kills cancer cells.
We only keep patients in the ICU when their condition is serious.
For common colds, home remedies are enough.
Antiparasitic medicine kills worms in the stomach.
Apply antifungal cream to cure skin infections.
Take antihypertensive medicine to lower high blood pressure.
Before surgery, the patient's blood type must be known.
Ayurvedic treatment increases the body's ability to fight disease.
Dialysis reduces the workload of the kidneys.
Insulin is needed to control blood sugar levels.
Patients may become weak due to chemotherapy.
Take patients who have fainted from electric shock to the hospital immediately.
A patient bitten by a snake should be given anti-snake venom.
Apply chest compressions to patients who are severely ill from drowning.
Giving aspirin to a patient having a heart attack is important for saving their life.
Take patients who have ingested poison to the hospital immediately.
Immediately pour cold water on the burn.
If you suspect a bone fracture, take them to the hospital immediately.
Don't touch patients who have been electrocuted, first turn off the main switch.
Patients with anaphylaxis should be given an epinephrine injection.
Most of the patients who come here are accident cases.
There are many people injured by electric shock in villages.
Many people in this community are affected by snake bites.
Many children have died from drowning in the river.
Many people die of heart attack due to lack of timely treatment.
Cases of poisoning are increasing, be aware.
Many people have been severely burned due to fire.
Many patients with broken bones from falls come here.
I have treated many patients who have been disabled by electric shock.
Take precautions to avoid allergies caused by anaphylaxis.
Follow road safety rules to avoid accidents.
There is a high risk of snake bites while working in the fields.
There is a risk of drowning while swimming, be careful.
High blood pressure increases the risk of heart attack.
There may be a risk of poisoning when using pesticides.
Many women have been burned by fire while cooking.
Many people have been injured by falling from trees and breaking bones.
You can get an electric shock when using electrical appliances, be careful.
Anaphylaxis can occur due to drug allergies.
It is important to give first aid to accident victims.
After a snake bite, take them to the hospital quickly instead of doing home remedies.
People who are stuck in floods and landslides should be rescued.
The habit of consuming poison is seen in many young people.
Burn patients should be taken to the hospital immediately.
You can get bone and joint injuries while playing sports.
You can get electrocuted while working on electric poles, take precautions.
If you see symptoms of anaphylaxis, get treatment immediately.
We are always ready to treat accident victims.
Take precautions when going to the fields to avoid snake bites.
It is important to know how to swim to avoid drowning while swimming in rivers and streams.
To avoid poisoning, be careful when using it.
Awareness programs should be conducted to prevent fire.
Patients with broken bones should be given pain relievers.
Patients who have been electrocuted may have muscle damage.
If you have anaphylaxis, your skin may turn red and itchy.
Do not try to stop blood circulation at the site of a snake bite.
After taking a drowned person out of the water, artificial respiration should be given.
To reduce the risk of heart attack, stay away from smoking and alcohol.
If you are afraid to go to the hospital during COVID, get your eyes checked at the primary health center, we are here.
After the risk of COVID decreases, inform those with eye problems to come to the primary health center.
As an ambulance driver, I say, this referral system is a bit cumbersome, it is difficult to get the patient to the hospital on time.
A lot of old people at the health camp were talking about their joint pain, needs referral right away.
Since there's no health insurance here, patients are forced to spend a lot.
Even though the ambulance service is free in the village, there's no money for fuel to take the patient to the hospital, how to run it?
Even when you call the emergency helpline, it's hard to get an ambulance on time, what to do?
Because telemedicine service is not effective in the village, the number of patients needing referral is increasing.
Because this health post doesn't have enough medicine, patients are forced to be referred right away.
Being an ambulance driver, I'm saying, because the road is bad, we can't get referred patients to the hospital on time.
Because the health insurance program isn't effective here, many patients don't want to go for treatment even after being referred.
Before, it was easy to refer patients who came to the health camp here, now the rules have changed a lot.
Because I couldn't find an ambulance, I was late to refer an elderly patient, I felt very bad.
The patient has to go to the hospital themselves with the referral letter given by the health worker, there is no ambulance arrangement.
Poor patients don't have health insurance, so when they get referred to a big hospital, they worry about the expenses.
Because many people don't know about the free health service here, they don't go for treatment even after being referred.
As an ambulance driver, I know, patients suffer a lot in this remote village because there is no access to telemedicine services.
If patients who need referral are not taken to the hospital on time, there is a risk of death, I can't sleep all night.
Because this health post doesn't have enough equipment, referred patients are forced to pay high fees outside.
Being an ambulance driver, I say, even though there is health insurance here, many patients complain that they don't know about it.
When I went to the health camp here, I found out that many old people have skin problems, they need referral.
Even when you call the emergency helpline and call an ambulance, the patient's condition becomes serious when it doesn't arrive on time.
In the ambulance driver's experience, referred patients are returning home without treatment due to lack of money.
Here, the telemedicine service isn't effective, so we have to refer a lot of patients.
During the health camp check-up, many people had high blood pressure, so we had to refer them right away.
I'm an ambulance driver, and even though the ambulance service is free here, it's hard to find money for repairs.
Because they don't know about the health insurance program, patients who are referred worry about how to pay for treatment.
Because there's no doctor at the health post here, the number of patients who need referrals is increasing.
When you call the emergency helpline for an ambulance, the road conditions make it hard to get there on time.
As an ambulance driver, I say that the referral system here needs to be more organized.
Many people had stomach problems at the health camp, so they had to be referred for further treatment.
Because there's no one to tell them about free health services here, even patients who are referred don't go to the hospital.
If the telemedicine service was effective, the number of patients needing referrals would decrease.
As an ambulance driver, I know that many people can't afford treatment here because there's no health insurance.
Even though the ambulance service is free here, it's hard to make referrals when there's no money for petrol.
Even when you call the emergency helpline for an ambulance, the patient's life can be in danger if it doesn't arrive on time.
It's very difficult when there's no ambulance to take referred patients to the hospital.
I'm an ambulance driver, and it's my duty to take patients with referral letters to the hospital.
Even if there is a health insurance program here, referrals are useless if you can't get a bed in the hospital.
I had to refer the elderly patient to the hospital after their joint pain made it difficult to walk.
When the ambulance doesn't arrive on time after contacting the emergency helpline, the patient's condition gets worse.
Because there's no access to telemedicine services, villagers have to wander around for referrals.
Even though the ambulance service is free here, patients have to find their own money to get to the hospital.
If your father has diabetes, pay special attention to his diet.
To control high blood pressure, take medicine regularly and eat less salty food.
Since you have asthma, avoid dust and smoke, and always keep the inhaler prescribed by the doctor with you.
Get your thyroid checked regularly and don't forget to take medicine to keep your hormone levels balanced.
If someone in your family has cancer, get screened from time to time.
To avoid heart problems, don't eat oily and fatty foods, and exercise regularly.
If you have kidney problems, drink plenty of water and take medicine only as directed by your doctor.
To avoid liver disease, do not drink alcohol and adopt a healthy lifestyle.
If you are undergoing cancer treatment, do not take any medicine without consulting your doctor.
If you have diabetes, check your blood sugar regularly.
If you have a headache due to high blood pressure, contact a doctor immediately.
Advise asthma patients to always carry an inhaler with them for emergencies.
If you have joint pain, lose weight and exercise regularly.
If you feel tired due to thyroid problems, rest and consult a doctor.
To prevent cancer, eat healthy food and engage in regular physical activity.
To keep your heart healthy, eat fiber-rich foods and stay away from stress.
If you have kidney problems, reduce your protein intake and follow the diet prescribed by your doctor.
Get vaccinated against viral hepatitis to prevent liver disease.
If someone in the family has cancer, support them emotionally and physically.
To control diabetes, stay away from sugary foods and drinks.
If you don't take high blood pressure medicine regularly, serious problems can come, be aware.
If asthma gets worse, go to the hospital immediately, you might need oxygen.
To reduce joint pain, apply warm water and rest.
Take thyroid medicine at the right time and get regular checkups as the doctor says.
During cancer treatment, keep a positive attitude and take care of yourself.
To prevent heart disease, exercise regularly and maintain a healthy weight.
If you have kidney problems, don't use any herbs or medicines without a doctor's advice.
If you see symptoms of cancer, see a doctor immediately and start treatment on time.
Diabetic patients should take special care of their feet and avoid injuries.
People with high blood pressure should do yoga and meditation to manage stress.
Children with asthma should be allowed to carry an inhaler at school and the teacher should be informed.
During cancer treatment, you should eat nutritious food and strengthen your body.
To avoid heart disease, stay away from smoking and alcohol.
People with kidney problems should eat food with less salt and drink plenty of water.
People with cancer should take support from their family and friends and should not feel alone.
Diabetic patients should have their eyes checked regularly and avoid vision problems.
People with high blood pressure should measure their blood pressure regularly and inform the doctor.
People with asthma should not let dust accumulate in the house and clean it regularly.
To reduce joint pain, keep your weight under control and walk a lot.
Pregnant women with thyroid problems should pay special attention and seek doctor's advice.
After cancer treatment, you should go for regular follow-ups and checkups as advised by the doctor.
The dirty water after the flood can cause skin infections, so pay attention to hygiene.
If diabetic patients don't get their medicine because of the flood, it can seriously affect their health.
If patients with high blood pressure don't take their medicine regularly, the risk of heart attack can increase.
Eating food that's been submerged in floodwater can cause diarrhea and affect the liver.
The cold after the flood can increase joint pain problems in the elderly, get treatment on time.
Not taking thyroid medicine regularly can negatively affect your health, be aware.
If it's late to go to the hospital because of the flood, asthma patients can have trouble breathing and even die.
Because the flood pollutes the source of drinking water, germs in the water can increase the risk of cancer.
Be careful while working in the fields after the flood, as you may get injured.
The risk of heart disease can increase in those displaced by the flood due to increased mental stress.
Those affected by the flood can have kidney problems due to waterborne diseases.
Those who have been made homeless by the flood may have increased respiratory problems due to dust.
Children are likely to develop skin allergies if they play in the dirt after the flood.
HIV patients may have problems if the flood washes away their medicine.
Due to the lack of nutritious food caused by the flood, the risk of anemia may increase.
Eating food submerged in the flood can cause stomach pain and liver infection.
Walking a lot because of the flood can cause foot ulcers in diabetic patients.
The cold after the flood can cause pneumonia in the elderly and can even be fatal.
Increased mental stress due to the flood can increase the problem of high blood pressure.
Because of the flood, cancer patients might not get treatment on time and their health can get worse.
Because of the flood, asthma patients might not be able to go to the hospital and can have lack of oxygen.
Because of the flood's dirty water, skin infections can happen and wounds can get bigger.
Because of the flood, malnutrition can happen and children's livers can be affected.
Because of the flood, thyroid problems can increase if medicine is not available on time.
Because of the flood, taking too much stress can cause heart problems.
Because of the flood, not paying attention to hygiene can cause skin allergies.
Because of the flood, kidney problems can increase if regular medicine is not available.
Because of the flood, joint pain problems can increase due to the cold.
Because of the flood, health can get worse due to dehydration from lack of drinking water.
Because of the flood, mental stress can cause sleeplessness and high blood pressure can increase.
Because of the flood, not being able to get vaccinated on time can reduce the body's immunity.
Because of the flood, it can be difficult to get patients to the hospital, which can put lives at risk.
Because of the flood, not being able to exercise regularly can increase diabetes problems.
Because of the flood, diseases can get worse if health checkups are not done on time.
Because of the flood, skin diseases can occur from working in dirty water.
Because of the flood, stomach problems can occur due to food contamination.
Because of the flood, the risk of suicide can increase due to mental stress.
Because of the flood, the cold can increase joint pain for elderly people.
Because of the flood, asthma patients' health can get worse if they can't go to the hospital.
Because of the flood, if you don't get your regular medicine, thyroid problems can increase.
Because of the flood, if you don't get nutritious food, the risk of anemia can increase.
Because of the flood, working in dirty water can cause skin infections.
Because of the flood, mental stress can increase your heart rate.
Because of the flood, if you don't get treatment on time, cancer can relapse.
Because of the flood, if you don't pay attention to hygiene, you can get diarrhea.
Because of the flood, if you don't get your regular medicine, diabetes can become uncontrolled.
Because of the flood, mental stress can increase high blood pressure.
Because of the flood, the cold can increase and asthma patients may have difficulty.
Because of the flood, if you don't get medicine on time, kidney problems can increase.
Because of the flood, stress can affect the liver, so take rest.
Was this child bitten by a snake? Show me, where did it bite?
It seems like the patient is having difficulty breathing, should we give oxygen?
What should be done to revive a patient who has been electrocuted and fainted?
This patient is suspected of poisoning and has been brought to the hospital, what to do immediately?
How many times should I take this medicine for joint pain?
What dose of anti-snake venom should be given to a snake bite patient?
This looks like a broken arm, should we do an X-ray?
Did this patient have a stroke? Should we take them to the neurology department immediately?
What kind of medicine should be applied for this burn wound?
What to put on the snake bite area of this child?
Which hospital should this snakebite patient be taken to?
Should antibiotics be given to a snakebite patient?
Does this stroke patient need immediate treatment?
What kind of preparations should be made for this snakebite patient?
In post-earthquake situations, hospital physiotherapy is more effective than home remedies for common injuries.
Dialysis service in district hospitals is safer than Ayurvedic treatment with herbs in villages.
After complex surgery, it is better to keep the patient in ICU care for a few days rather than sending them home.
To reduce toothache, it is more appropriate to go to the hospital for a check-up and take medicine than to use home remedies.
Chemotherapy is a complex treatment method, so it cannot be compared to Ayurvedic treatment.
It is safer to take a patient with a broken bone to the hospital for a plaster cast than to do random home remedies.
Paracetamol alone may not relieve typhoid fever, so the use of antibiotics is effective.
As important as it is to give Jeevan Jal (oral rehydration) to children with diarrhea, it is also necessary to take them to the hospital for further treatment.
It is better to take antidepressant medication on doctor's advice than to seek relief from mental problems through home remedies.
The results that radiation therapy gives in cancer treatment cannot be given by herbs.
Since Ayurvedic treatment takes time to cure the disease, allopathic treatment is best for immediate relief.
Although ICU service in hospitals is expensive, it is much more effective than home care.
If there is a lack of iron in the body, taking iron tablets is faster and more effective than trying to replenish it only from homemade foods.
Although paracetamol works for normal pain, physiotherapy is needed for nerve compression pain.
Ayurvedic medicine takes a long time to cure the disease, but allopathic medicine cures it quickly.
Before surgery, we can try other treatments after looking at the patient's condition.
Physiotherapy reduces muscle pain, but for bone pain, you need to see a doctor.
A patient gets better care in the hospital ICU than resting at home.
If home remedies don't work, you should go to the hospital for dialysis.
Even though herbs are available in villages, chemotherapy is the best option for cancer.
For bone problems, allopathic treatment heals faster than Ayurvedic.
Oral rehydration solution is enough for normal diarrhea, but if it continues, you need to go to the hospital.
Instead of applying Ayurvedic oil to reduce pain, it's better to take medicine as advised by a doctor.
If radiation therapy isn't available at the hospital, there's no option but to go to Kathmandu.
Instead of taking antidepressant medicine to reduce stress, it's better to do yoga and meditation.
Treatment in the ICU is much safer than normal treatment at home.
If there's a chance of recovery with surgery, you shouldn't waste time on home remedies.
Physical exercise strengthens muscles, but bones need calcium.
Instead of applying pain-relieving oil, it's better to take paracetamol and rest.
Oral rehydration solution might not be enough for diarrhea; you need to take them to the hospital for saline.
Both chemotherapy and radiation therapy may be necessary for cancer treatment.
It is safer to get dialysis at the district hospital than to do home remedies at home.
If a bone is fractured, you should go to the hospital immediately for surgery instead of trying home remedies.
It's normal to take paracetamol for a fever, but if it continues, you need antibiotics.
Even though Ayurvedic medicine is available in villages, you need antidepressant medicine for mental illness.
It's safer to get treated in the hospital ICU than to get injected at home.
Ayurvedic treatment takes time to cure diseases, so it's not useful in situations where surgery is needed immediately.
Exercise strengthens muscles, but you need a doctor's advice to fix a broken bone.
Paracetamol works for normal pain, but physiotherapy is needed for nerve pain.
If diarrhea doesn't get better with Jeevan Jal, you need to go to the hospital and get saline.
Both chemotherapy and radiation therapy are important for cancer treatment.
Patients have had it much easier since dialysis services became available at the district hospital; before, there were many problems when treated at home.
If you break a bone in an accident, it's better to go to the hospital and get surgery immediately than to rely on home remedies.
Paracetamol works for normal fever, but antibiotics are needed for dengue fever.
Yoga and meditation are more beneficial for mental health problems than taking antidepressant medication.
Patients get better care in the hospital ICU; there aren't as many facilities at home.
Ayurvedic treatment takes time to cure diseases, but allopathic medicine cures them quickly.
Regular physiotherapy strengthens muscles, but you need to eat calcium-rich foods for bones.
It's more effective to take paracetamol and rest than to apply pain-relieving oil.
If diarrhea doesn't get better with Jeevan Jal, you need to go to the hospital and get saline; it's safer than treating it at home.
Unsafe abortions can lead to infertility in the future, so go to a health facility for safe abortion services.
Not using family planning methods increases the risk of repeated pregnancies, which negatively affects the mother's health.
Incorrect use of contraceptives can cause hormonal imbalance.
A mother can even die due to unsafe abortion.
If diabetic patients don't adjust their insulin dosage, it can have serious effects on their health.
Unsafe abortion can cause uterine infection and lead to problems with future pregnancies.
If STDs are not identified and treated on time, they can be transmitted to other people.
Skipping regular contraceptive injections can cause menstrual irregularities.
Excessive use of painkillers can cause stomach ulcers.
Get regular Pap smear tests to detect cervical cancer.
Not changing pads on time during menstruation increases the risk of infection.
Unprotected sex increases the risk of not only STDs but also HIV infection.
Not resting after an abortion can lead to uterine prolapse.
Having abortions haphazardly can be life-threatening.
If you experience any problems while using temporary family planning methods, consult a health worker immediately.
To prevent STDs, always use a condom when having sex with a new partner.
Excessive use of painkillers can affect the liver.
See a doctor immediately if you notice symptoms of cervical cancer.
Not paying attention to hygiene during menstruation can cause various infections.
STDs can affect fertility, so get treated on time.
Do not ignore any unusual symptoms after an abortion.
Not taking contraceptive pills regularly reduces their effectiveness.
Do not take other medicines without consulting a doctor while taking painkillers.
Get vaccinated regularly to prevent cervical cancer.
Contact a health worker immediately if you have heavy bleeding during menstruation.
Unsafe abortion can cause serious infections in the body.
If you see symptoms of STDs, don't be shy, go to the health facility immediately.
Before using family planning methods, consult with a doctor about your health condition.
Long-term use of painkillers can cause heart problems.
Not eating nutritious food during menstruation can weaken the body.
Unsafe abortion can cause internal bleeding and death.
Participate in awareness programs to avoid STD infections.
If you experience side effects while using contraception, inform the doctor immediately.
Delaying treatment for cervical cancer can cause it to spread to other parts of the body.
Use home remedies to reduce pain during menstruation, but if it doesn't get better, see a doctor.
Unsafe abortion can negatively affect mental health.
If STDs are not treated, they can become a long-term health problem.
Using painkillers can cause stomach pain.
If you see symptoms of cervical cancer, go to the hospital immediately.
Rest a lot during menstruation, otherwise your health may deteriorate.
If an abortion is not done in a safe place, it can be life-threatening.
Hello, because of blurry vision, do I need to have cataract surgery?
Right now, eye infections are increasing, please give me some medicine for it.
The doctor said I need glaucoma surgery, how much will it cost?
Do vitamin supplements improve eyesight?
How much does this antibiotic reduce eye infections?
Do you have any special glasses for people with low vision?
What kind of care is needed after eye surgery?
He has a refractive error problem, what kind of treatment is suitable?
Does this medicine cure eye infections or not?
How many days of rest are needed after cataract surgery?
Do you have to take glaucoma medicine forever, or can you stop after recovery?
How safe is laser surgery for refractive error?
These days many people are having eye flu, what could be the reason?
What kind of vitamin supplements are good to take to improve eyesight?
Are there any helpful materials available for people with low vision to read?
How quickly does this eye drop cure eye infections?
How long does it take to do cataract surgery?
What is the chance of vision returning after glaucoma surgery?
What are the alternatives to wearing glasses to reduce refractive error problems?
What precautions should be taken to avoid eye flu?
How much do vitamin supplements benefit the eyes?
Does the government provide any assistance to people with low vision problems?
How effective is this antibiotic for eye infections?
How long does it take for vision to become clear after cataract surgery?
What kind of risks can happen if you need glaucoma surgery?
How safe are contact lenses for refractive error?
A lot of eye infections are seen this season, what could be the reason?
Can you use ORS for the eyes or not?
Are there any trainings available for people with low vision?
How many times a day should I use this eye drop for eye infection?
Can some complications appear after cataract surgery?
Does glaucoma medicine have any side effects?
Is there an age limit to get surgery for refractive error?
What should I do if the eye infection doesn't get better?
How much do vitamin supplements cost?
Is there any financial help available for people with low vision?
For how many days should I take this antibiotic for eye infection?
How much does it cost to get cataract surgery here?
What kind of lifestyle should I have after glaucoma surgery?
How long should I rest after refractive error surgery?
What kind of medicine is good for this eye infection?
For how long should I take vitamin supplements?
Are there any special facilities for people with low vision?
What tests should be done before eye surgery?
What to eat and what not to eat after cataract surgery?
What happens if you forget to take glaucoma medicine regularly?
What kind of doctor should I see to solve refractive error problems?
How to avoid eye infections this season?
What to do if your eyesight is weak?
What kind of glasses should I wear after eye surgery?
Delaying calling an ambulance can make it difficult to save the patient, inform in time.
Even if problems are seen during a health camp check-up, go to the hospital immediately, don't neglect it.
Going to see a specialist doctor without a referral can be expensive, get a referral first.
Don't forget to renew your health insurance, otherwise you may have to pay for the treatment yourself.
Telemedicine services may not always be available, you may not get service when needed.
You may not have network when calling the emergency helpline number, look for alternative solutions as well.
Waiting in the hope of free health service can worsen the disease, get treatment in time.
You might get expired medicine when buying medicine, check carefully before buying.
If skin problems keep increasing, don't ignore it, it could be cancer.
If stomach pain doesn't get better, don't just assume it's gastric, it could be a serious illness.
Health insurance may not cover all diseases, understand the insurance plan well before taking it.
Health camp check-ups may not detect all diseases, get further check-ups if you have any doubts.
The advice received from telemedicine may not be sufficient, it is best to go to the hospital if you have a complex problem.
Antidepressant drugs can have negative effects, do not take them without a doctor's advice.
Eating outside food too much can increase stomach problems, it's better to eat home food.
Even with a referral, there might not be a bed available in the hospital, check beforehand.
If you lose your health insurance papers, it's hard to get claim payment, keep them safe.
Wrong medicine might be distributed in health camps, check the medicine properly when you take it.
Due to internet problems in telemedicine service, you might not understand properly, ask again.
If you don't get an ambulance on time, it can be difficult to get the patient to the hospital, be prepared.
When you call the emergency helpline, they might not pick up immediately, be patient.
There might be a long line for free health services, take your time and go.
If the insulin dose is wrong, it can seriously affect your health, use it only according to the doctor's advice.
Don't take back pain lightly, it could be a nerve compression.
If you don't renew your health insurance on time, you might have to pay for the treatment yourself, be careful.
There might be a lot of crowds when you go to get checked at a health camp, there might also be a risk of infection.
A doctor might not be available in telemedicine, contact them only after making an appointment first.
If the cost is more than the health insurance covers, you might have to pay yourself, understand the plan before you take it.
If you give the wrong information when you call the emergency helpline, you might get into trouble, give the correct information.
Free health services might not always be available, take care of your own health.
If you lose your health insurance card, there might be problems with treatment, keep it safe.
If an untrained person checks you at a health camp, you might get the wrong report, get checked only in a reliable place.
There might be technical problems with the telemedicine service, be patient.
If the ambulance doesn't arrive on time, the patient's condition might be serious, look for alternative solutions.
Ignoring stomach pain can cause ulcers, see a doctor on time.
If you give the wrong doctor's name for a referral, there might be a problem, give the correct information.
If the health insurance company doesn't pay on time, there might be a problem, choose a good company when insuring.
If you give false information for free health service, there might be legal action, only tell the truth.
If you submit wrong documents when claiming health insurance, there might be a problem, only submit the correct documents.
If the wrong medicine is given at a health camp, no one might be responsible, be careful.
In telemedicine service, the doctor might give wrong advice without understanding properly, ask again if you have doubts.
Calling an ambulance to the wrong place can cause unnecessary hassle, give the correct address.
Calling the emergency helpline number unnecessarily can cause problems for others, only call if it's necessary.
Neglecting liver problems can be life-threatening, get treatment immediately.
There might be people who cheat by giving false information about health insurance, be aware.
There might be infected people like with corona at a health camp, be careful.
Privacy might be breached in telemedicine service, consider before giving personal information.
Buying and taking medicine yourself can be risky, don't take medicine without a doctor's advice.
Your child seems to have a refractive error in their eye, they might need to wear glasses.
The hospital is busy right now, but your father seems to have symptoms of cataracts, so he must get it checked.
It's normal for eyesight to weaken at this age, but if we suspect glaucoma, let's do further testing.
The child might have an eye infection, please get it checked properly once.
Don't worry, his eye surgery is very likely to be successful.
It's best to get treatment before your eyesight weakens and you become blind.
Blurry vision could be because of refractive error, you need to wear power glasses.
After cataract surgery, there's a chance your eyesight will be like before.
Glaucoma might have damaged the eye nerve, you should get regular checkups.
Don't go out until the eye infection is cured, there's a risk of spreading it to others.
Make an appointment for surgery, we'll start right away.
Further testing is needed to find out the cause of low vision.
Do you know about refractive error?
Cataracts can cause vision loss if not treated on time.
You must take glaucoma medicine regularly, otherwise eye pressure can increase.
Come to the hospital immediately if you have an eye infection.
Don't be afraid to have surgery, it's a very safe procedure.
Various assistive devices are available for people with low vision.
The problem of refractive error is increasing, reduce screen use.
Your vision has weakened because of cataracts.
Treatment for glaucoma helps protect your vision.
Use this medicine for the eye infection.
Your vision will improve after surgery.
Rehabilitation services are available for people with low vision.
Laser surgery is also an option for refractive error.
Cataract surgery is very safe and effective.
It's important to detect glaucoma early.
Pay attention to hygiene to avoid eye infections.
Are you ready for the surgery?
The lifestyle of people with low vision can be improved.
Refractive error makes it difficult to see distant objects.
Cataracts cause the eye lens to become cloudy.
Glaucoma damages the optic nerve.
Eye infections cause the eyes to become red.
You should rest for a few days after surgery.
People with low vision have difficulty reading and writing.
Refractive error problems can also be seen in children.
Glaucoma can cause vision loss.
Eye infections should be treated in time.
Ask if you need more information about the surgery.
People with low vision may have problems in their social life.
Use glasses to solve the problem of refractive error.
Get regular check-ups after cataract surgery.
Glaucoma medicine lowers eye pressure.
Don't touch your eyes to avoid eye infections.
Your lifestyle will improve after the surgery.
There are special training programs for people with low vision.
Refractive error problems can also be hereditary.
You might have to wait a long time for cataract surgery.
What kind of treatment is available here for age-related vision problems?
Tooth problems bother a lot as we get older, do you have dental treatment facilities here?
Regular health check-ups after a flood are much better than treating diseases after getting them.
Buying hand sanitizer at the pharmacy is much safer than wading through floodwater.
Before getting a cancer test after the flood, it's important to keep the environment around your house clean.
Instead of buying diarrhea medicine right now, it's better to focus on hand hygiene.
Before taking medicine for a fever, it's a good idea to get your blood pressure checked once.
To prevent the spread of eye infections, wash your hands thoroughly before getting your eyes checked.
After a flood, instead of going to a health camp and asking for medicine, it's better to arrange for safe water first.
When the doctor prescribes blood pressure medicine, is it better to get regular blood pressure checks or go to a health camp?
It is much more important to focus on hand hygiene than playing in the garbage brought by the flood.
Before taking medicine for a cough, it is advisable to get a health check-up once.
There is garbage everywhere after the flood, wash your hands before spraying disinfectant.
Before taking pain relievers, it is better to find out the cause of joint pain.
When a flood inundates a house, it is wiser to move to a safe place than to go to a health camp and register your name.
Getting regular health check-ups is much more useful than going to the hospital after getting sick.
To avoid infections spread due to the flood, focus on hand hygiene rather than taking antibiotics.
Instead of eating the iron pills that health workers distribute for free after the flood, it's better to eat nutritious food regularly.
It's better to go to the health post for a check-up than to stay home and nurture the disease.
Instead of drinking the contaminated water brought by the flood, it is best for your health to wash your hands thoroughly and drink clean water.
Before taking medicine to reduce fever, it is better to get tested for malaria once.
Getting regular health check-ups is a better way than getting treatment after getting sick.
After being at risk of flooding, it is better to go to a safe place than to wait for a health camp.
Before buying medicine for a stomach ache, it is better to see a doctor once.
After being displaced by the flood, it is important to clean your house before going to the health camp and standing in line.
After a flood, it is better to adopt other measures to control mosquitoes than to spray insecticides.
In a flood-affected area, it is important to focus on hand hygiene rather than looking for diarrhea medicine.
It is better to get regular health check-ups than to take antibiotics without a doctor's advice.
After the flood, clean around your house first before going to the health camp and taking medicine.
If high blood pressure is detected during a health check-up, it is better to change your lifestyle before starting medication.
Vaccination to prevent the disease spread after the flood is a better option than going to health camps.
It is safer to get regular health check-ups than to take random pain relievers.
Before applying cream to itchy skin caused by dirty flood water, wash your hands thoroughly.
When working in flood-contaminated water, it is better to wash your hands before applying medicine to prevent skin infections.
Getting regular eye check-ups is much better than getting treatment after your eyesight weakens.
In a flood-affected area, make your drinking water safe first before going to a health camp and taking medicine.
It is better to eat green vegetables and beans than to go to the health post and ask for iron pills.
To avoid mosquito bites, using a mosquito net is safer than using medicine.
For a wound that's been in floodwater, wash it with clean water before applying medicine.
After coming back from the floods, talking to family and friends is better than taking antidepressants the doctor gave.
To reduce stress from the floods, doing yoga and meditation is more beneficial than taking medicine.
In flood-affected areas, spreading awareness for cancer prevention is more important than treating it.
For stomach problems after the floods, it's better to drink boiled water before taking medicine.
When working in flood debris, wearing protective gloves is better than taking allergy medicine.
To avoid flood risks, getting information at a health camp is better than staying home and taking risks.
After the floods, arranging first aid at home is better than going to a health camp and crowding.
When working in floodwater, washing your hands and feet well is more important than using medicine to avoid skin infections.
After being displaced by the floods, getting counseling is better than taking medicine to reduce mental stress.
To avoid infection caused by the floods, consult a doctor before taking antibiotics.
Instead of giving medicine to kids who play in floodwater, it's important to teach them to wash their hands.
If you have a fever after the floods, consult a health worker before taking paracetamol.
If you have diarrhea in a flood-affected area, wash your hands well before drinking Jeevan Jal.
Ear problems can occur due to vitamin deficiency, pay attention on time.
The body may become weak due to lack of a balanced diet, so pay attention to your diet.
Iron deficiency can lead to anemia, take iron tablets regularly.
Iodine deficiency can cause goiter, increase the use of iodized salt.
Protein deficiency can weaken muscles, eat plenty of protein-rich foods.
Eating too much sweet stuff can cause obesity, so be careful.
Malnutrition affects kids' physical and mental growth, so pay attention early on.
Malnutrition can happen if you don't pay attention to the extra food given to children.
Lack of micronutrients can cause various diseases, so get regular checkups.
Joint pain can also be caused by Vitamin D deficiency, get it checked once.
If you have difficulty breathing, it could be a sign of vitamin deficiency, see a doctor immediately.
Stomach pain can also be caused by Vitamin B12 deficiency, get treatment on time.
If you don't have a balanced diet, your immunity can become weak.
Iron deficiency can cause fatigue and lack of energy to work.
Iodine deficiency can affect both pregnant women and their babies.
Low protein levels can cause water retention in the body.
Obesity increases the risk of diseases like high blood pressure and diabetes.
Malnutrition increases the risk of infection in children, so be careful.
Neglecting supplementary food can hinder a child's growth and development.
Micronutrient deficiency can weaken eyesight, get regular checkups.
Vitamin deficiency can cause dry and itchy skin.
Eating junk food instead of a balanced diet has a negative impact on health.
Iron deficiency can lead to poor memory.
Protein deficiency reduces the body's ability to fight disease.
Obesity greatly increases the risk of heart disease.
Malnutrition can cause problems like children not growing in height and weight.
Not paying attention to supplementary food can cause dental problems in children.
Lack of micronutrients can also cause hair loss problems.
Using vitamin supplements haphazardly can have negative effects, don't take them without a doctor's advice.
Consuming junk food instead of a balanced diet can lead to major health problems in the future.
Excessive use of iron tablets can cause stomach problems, only take them as advised by a doctor.
Using salt other than iodized salt has a negative impact on health.
Not getting enough protein can cause muscle weakness and body aches.
Don't use medicine haphazardly to reduce obesity, it can have negative effects.
If you see symptoms of malnutrition, contact a rehabilitation center immediately.
Not feeding nutritious supplementary food can reduce a child's immunity.
If there is a lack of micronutrients in the body, the risk of getting sick increases.
Weak joints can be caused by vitamin D deficiency, see a doctor.
If you have lung problems, it could be a vitamin deficiency, get it checked immediately.
If you have stomach problems, it could be a vitamin B deficiency, consult a doctor.
Those taking high blood pressure medication should pay special attention to a balanced diet.
Vitamin deficiency can cause weak and brittle nails.
Not eating a balanced diet can lead to a deficiency of essential nutrients in the body.
Iron deficiency can cause the skin to turn yellow.
Iodine deficiency can cause problems with slow mental development.
Lack of protein can cause swelling in the body.
Obesity can increase the risk of diabetes, so pay attention to your diet.
Malnutrition can stunt a child's physical growth, so be aware.
Vitamin deficiency can make a child sick, so give supplementary feeding regularly.
If a pregnant woman is iron deficient, the baby may be born weak.
A balanced diet is very important at this age, otherwise health problems can occur.
To protect a child from malnutrition, the mother should pay special attention to her diet.
If you see signs of iodine deficiency in your child, consult a health worker immediately.
To increase protein intake, it is good to eat lentils, beans, and meat.
Don't eat too many sugary foods, obesity can lead to other diseases.
Regular supplementary feeding increases a child's immunity.
This child has a skin problem, it could be due to vitamin deficiency.
For good development of the child, give a balanced diet and essential nutrients.
If the child has diarrhea, give Jeevan Jal and supplementary feeding regularly.
To prevent iron deficiency during pregnancy, you should take iron tablets.
Eat protein-rich foods at this time, it will benefit both you and the baby.
To protect a child from malnutrition, supplementary feeding should be started from an early age.
Too much obesity can lead to heart disease, so be aware.
Not paying attention to a balanced diet can lead to a deficiency of various nutrients in the body.
Iron deficiency can lead to anemia, so pay attention to your diet.
Lack of iodine can cause goiter, so use iodized salt.
Lack of protein can cause muscle weakness and weight loss.
To control obesity, regular exercise and a balanced diet are necessary.
If a child shows signs of malnutrition, take them to a nutrition rehabilitation center immediately.
Supplementary feeding helps in the physical and mental development of the child.
To prevent vitamin deficiency, eat plenty of green vegetables and fruits.
Iron deficiency causes fatigue and lack of energy to work.
Iodine deficiency affects a child's mental development, so be aware.
Protein deficiency reduces the body's immunity.
To reduce obesity, eat less oily and sweet foods.
If a child has severe malnutrition, take them to the hospital immediately.
Consult a health worker for more information about supplementary feeding.
Vitamin deficiency causes problems like weak nails and pale skin.
In the absence of a balanced diet, the body's organs cannot function properly.
If you have iron deficiency, it is good to take iron tablets as advised by the doctor.
Iodine deficiency can cause thyroid problems.
Hair loss can also occur due to protein deficiency.
Malnutrition can stunt a child's growth and development.
Supplementary feeding helps keep both mother and child healthy.
Vitamin deficiency affects various parts of the body, such as skin, eyes, and bones.
A balanced diet should include fruits, vegetables, legumes, and grains.
Iron deficiency can cause lack of concentration and poor memory.
Special attention should be given during pregnancy to prevent iodine deficiency.
To reduce obesity, do physical exercise regularly.
To avoid malnutrition, get regular health check-ups.
Understanding the importance of supplementary feeding, all mothers should adopt it regularly.
If you have vitamin deficiency, take vitamin supplements according to doctor's advice.
A balanced diet provides the body with necessary energy.
Iron deficiency can cause dizziness and fainting.
Iodine deficiency negatively affects a child's intellectual ability.
Since the cholera outbreak has increased, drink water only after boiling it, otherwise you might have to come to the hospital.
To avoid dengue infection, wear long-sleeved clothes and don't let water accumulate around the house.
Diabetic patients should regularly check their blood sugar levels, otherwise the risk of heart attack may increase.
People with high blood pressure should reduce salt intake, otherwise important organs of the body may be affected.
If you suspect tuberculosis, get checked at the hospital immediately, this disease can weaken the bones.
Use mosquito nets to avoid malaria, especially at night, otherwise it can even take your life.
To stay safe from Covid-19, wear a mask and maintain social distance, negligence can put others at risk too.
To avoid typhoid, drink clean water and eat food cooked thoroughly, otherwise it can have serious effects on your health.
To avoid hepatitis, pay attention to hygiene, stay away from unsafe sex, otherwise it can have serious effects on the liver.
To avoid leptospirosis, do not walk in dirty water, especially during the rainy season, it weakens the muscles.
If you have a fever, only take paracetamol; don't take other medicine without asking a doctor.
Diabetic patients shouldn't eat sweet stuff, it can raise blood sugar.
High blood pressure patients, reduce stress, do yoga and meditation, otherwise the risk of heart attack can increase.
Take TB medicine regularly, don't skip it, otherwise the disease might not get cured.
If you suspect malaria, get a blood test right away, delay can even cause death.
Don't miss getting the COVID-19 vaccine, it helps reduce the severity of the disease.
To avoid typhoid, don't eat outside food, dirty food can cause disease.
To avoid hepatitis, get vaccinated, it keeps the liver safe.
If you suspect leptospirosis, get treatment right away, if you don't get treatment on time, it can cause death.
Diabetic patients should exercise regularly, it helps control blood sugar.
High blood pressure patients shouldn't eat oily and fried food, it can raise blood pressure.
TB patients should eat nutritious food, it increases immunity.
To avoid malaria, keep your surroundings clean, don't let water collect, it stops mosquito breeding.
To avoid COVID-19, don't go to crowded places, maintain social distance.
To avoid typhoid, pay attention to personal hygiene, wash your hands regularly.
To avoid hepatitis, don't use other people's syringes, it can spread infection.
To avoid leptospirosis, wear protective clothing when working in the fields.
Diabetic patients shouldn't take medicine without a doctor's advice, wrong medicine can affect you.
High blood pressure patients should get their blood pressure checked regularly, carelessness can cause danger.
TB patients should take medicine under a doctor's supervision, stopping medicine in between can cause the disease to relapse.
To avoid malaria, use insecticide; it helps kill mosquitoes.
If you see symptoms of COVID-19, get tested right away; delaying can infect others too.
If you suspect typhoid, don't treat it at home; go to the hospital immediately.
To avoid hepatitis, get a blood test; it helps detect the disease.
To avoid leptospirosis, be careful when in contact with animals.
Diabetes patients should pay special attention to their diet, otherwise it can affect body parts.
High blood pressure patients should not smoke or drink alcohol; it increases blood pressure.
Tuberculosis patients should cover their mouth when coughing and sneezing; it prevents infecting others.
To avoid malaria, keep the environment around your house clean; dirt can increase mosquitoes.
To avoid COVID-19, don't forget to get a booster dose; it increases immunity.
If you have fever, cough, or difficulty breathing, go to the hospital immediately; it could be a sign of COVID-19.
Don't take antibiotics randomly from the pharmacy; it can make typhoid even more complicated.
Drinking contaminated water can cause cholera, so only drink water after boiling or filtering it.
Diabetes patients should learn to manage stress; it helps control blood sugar levels, otherwise it affects the heart.
High blood pressure patients should eat potassium-rich foods; it helps lower blood pressure, otherwise bones may weaken.
Tuberculosis patients should consult a doctor regularly before making any changes to medication, otherwise it can affect the liver.
Don't forget to use the mosquito nets distributed by the government for malaria prevention; it keeps you safe.
Even after recovering from COVID-19, if you feel weak, consult a doctor; it prevents long-term health problems.
To avoid leptospirosis, wash wounds thoroughly with clean water; otherwise, the infection may increase.
Don't take vitamin supplements without a doctor's advice; it can negatively affect your health.
So many sick people have come because of the flood, does anyone need ICU care?
In this situation, it's really important to give ORS to patients with diarrhea.
Those whose homes were destroyed by the flood probably need painkillers.
Some patients might also need surgery.
How great it would be if we could start physiotherapy services in the village after the flood subsides!
We should also share the knowledge of Ayurveda, treating with herbs found in the villages.
Patients with a lot of weakness might need antibiotics.
Because of the dirty water brought by the flood, those with skin problems should be given antifungal cream.
Patients in the ICU need a high level of care.
Patients who broke bones due to flood injuries might need surgery.
Painkillers can be given to patients with mental stress due to the flood.
We need to teach people how to give homemade ORS to patients.
Will anyone get relief from Ayurvedic treatment?
We need to regularly check if the condition of patients being treated in the ICU is stable.
Some patients might also need dialysis.
Chemicals brought by the flood can increase the risk of cancer, so chemotherapy may be needed.
Patients who have pneumonia from drowning in the flood need antibiotics.
The flood has caused more problems for heart patients, they might need to be put in the ICU.
Physiotherapy can relieve patients with nerve compression due to flood injuries.
It would be beneficial to many if we could hold an Ayurveda camp in the flood-affected area.
We might need to use antibiotics to prevent infection from spreading among flood survivors.
Because of the floods, many patients need pain relief medicine right away.
Give ORS to patients who have diarrhea from drinking dirty water in the flood.
What to do if there's no improvement even after treating them in the ICU?
Patients with chest infections from being submerged in the flood for too long need antibiotics.
The floods have made things worse for mental health patients; they need pain relief medicine.
Those displaced by the floods should be informed about ORS that can be made at home.
The demand for Ayurvedic medicine has increased after the floods.
The condition of the patient in the ICU is becoming more critical.
Patients infected by dirty water in the flood may need antibiotics.
What dosage of pain relief medicine should be given to patients weakened by the floods?
Those who are sick from being submerged in the flood should be given nutritious food along with ORS.
Give paracetamol to normal patients and provide allopathic facilities to others.
How to manage beds as the pressure of patients in the ICU is increasing?
Can physiotherapy services be provided at home for patients who cannot come to the hospital due to the floods?
People affected by the floods should understand the importance of Ayurveda.
Those who are sick from the floods may need antibiotics immediately.
Patients weakened by the floods need warm love along with pain relief medicine.
Due to the floods, there has started to be a shortage of ORS in the health camps.
What to do if further complications arise in a patient undergoing treatment in the ICU?
Because of the flood, many injured patients might need surgery.
We should increase the availability of Ayurvedic medicine in the flood-affected areas.
Patients with chest infections from drowning in the flood might need a higher dose of antibiotics.
Patients affected by the flood need pain medication as well as psychosocial counseling.
Because of the flood, the stock of Jeevan Jal is almost finished in the health camp.
We should advise the families of patients being treated in the ICU to be patient.
Patients with amputations from the flood might need physiotherapy services.
We should run Ayurvedic treatment camps in the flood-affected areas.
I came here to buy the medicine the doctor prescribed, but they say the health insurance doesn't work!
Who do I call when I need to call an ambulance? I don't know the emergency helpline number.
I heard there was free health service here, but I have to pay for the medicine from my own pocket.
I went to the health camp for a check-up, and they say I have to buy the medicine at this pharmacy!
I heard about telemedicine service, but I don't know how to get it, and no one here will tell me.
I came with a referral letter, but it's hard to get medicine here, where should I go now?
Even when I show my health insurance papers, they say this medicine isn't covered, what to do?
Even during a disaster, the government doesn't help, it's very difficult to spend from my own pocket.
They say the medicine the doctor prescribed isn't here, I have to buy it outside expensively, what kind of rule is this?
Do we have to pay for medicine needed in an emergency? What kind of emergency service is this for the poor?
Can I ask about this medicine through telemedicine or not?
It's just a scam in the name of free health service, we still have to pay to buy medicine.
What's the point of having health insurance if I still have to pay?
The medicine isn't available where the doctor referred me, where do I even get it?
They say the ambulance is free, but they're asking for money here, what to do?
When will the health camp come to the village, who should I ask?
Can I order this medicine from the emergency helpline?
Even when using telemedicine, I still have to pay to buy the medicine the doctor prescribed.
How do I find out if this medicine is covered by health insurance?
Free health service is just for show, you need your own money to buy medicine.
The day has come where I'll die because I don't have money to buy the medicine the doctor prescribed.
Even when you call an ambulance, it doesn't arrive on time, how to save a life?
Even when you go to a health camp for a check-up, you still have to buy medicine.
What's the point of having telemedicine when I don't have money to buy medicine?
If this medicine isn't covered by health insurance, how will the poor buy it?
It's so hard to get the service they say is free, always struggling with money.
Even when you call the emergency helpline, no one answers, what to do?
If health insurance doesn't cover this medicine, why did the doctor prescribe it?
Where is the free health service the government provides, everything costs money here.
The medicine the doctor referred isn't available here, where should I look now?
If it costs money to call an ambulance, how do you get a patient to the hospital?
Who knows how much suffering there is when a health camp doesn't come to the village?
Is telemedicine for the rich or the poor? You gotta be able to pay for the medicine.
What a joke, having health insurance but no money to buy medicine!
Free healthcare is just a lie, you gotta pay for everything.
Even when you call the emergency helpline, it's hard to get help.
It's a big problem when health insurance doesn't cover all medicines.
I'm scared I might die when I can't afford the medicine the doctor prescribed.
Even if the ambulance service is free, who cares if you don't have money?
What's the point of getting checked at a health camp if you can't buy the medicine?
Telemedicine is just a scam, you still gotta pay to buy medicine.
It's hard to get medicine even when you show a referral, where should I go?
Even in an emergency, you don't get treatment if you don't have money?
Free healthcare is just a slogan, there's nothing in reality.
Health insurance is useless for the poor, there's no money to buy medicine.
I have to go home because I can't get the medicine the doctor prescribed.
What to do when the ambulance doesn't come on time even when you call?
It's hard to get treatment when health camps don't come to the village.
What's the point of telemedicine, you still need money to buy medicine!
What's the use of having health insurance if you can't buy medicine? It's so hard when you have to spend from your own pocket.
Bringing a new mother to the rural health post for a checkup was difficult because the road was so bad.
The ambulance arrangement for bringing pregnant women to the health post is very poor.
It's a big problem when you need an ambulance for safe delivery but can't find one on time.
I don't even have enough time to give information to those who come to ask about family planning.
It's hard to find the nutritious food that new mothers need here.
Most pregnant women don't want to get regular checkups.
Because of transportation problems, we can't get patients with complications to the hospital on time.
Due to lack of health education in the village, both mother and child are likely to be at risk.
When we call an ambulance during labor, we can't find the driver; who knows where they go.
The medicines that mothers need during postpartum are not always available.
Some health posts lack the infrastructure for safe delivery.
Because they can't get an ambulance on time, some pregnant women deliver at home in unsafe conditions.
Women here are hesitant to use family planning methods.
There are problems because there is not enough information about the nutrition of mothers and children.
Because of the practice of using home remedies in the villages, patients only come to the health post when they are in critical condition.
When they come for checkups during pregnancy, they have to walk a long distance.
After giving birth, they don't get time to rest because of household chores.
It's very difficult to make the women here understand the importance of breastfeeding.
Due to network problems when calling for an ambulance, the patient cannot be taken to the hospital on time.
Some health workers don't counsel pregnant women properly.
The road here is so bad that pregnant women have to be carried.
It's difficult to get an ambulance to take someone to the hospital after labor pains start.
Nobody's ready to give information about temporary family planning methods.
Nobody knows about the nutritious food to eat during pregnancy.
If complications aren't identified on time, both mother and baby's lives are at risk.
It's hard to contact the ambulance driver when someone gets sick at night.
There aren't enough medicines available in the health posts here.
The equipment needed for safe delivery is always broken.
It's hard to run the ambulance because the repair costs are too high.
Due to lack of awareness in the village, many women don't get checkups during pregnancy.
Nobody understands that mothers should get enough rest after giving birth.
Many mothers are having problems because they don't know the right way to breastfeed.
People feel shy to talk openly about family planning.
There's a need to inform pregnant women about nutritious food.
Some pregnant women have died because they didn't get treatment on time.
Even if there's an ambulance service, it's too far, so it can't arrive on time.
There's a lack of space for those who come to the health post for delivery.
Women here are afraid to use temporary family planning methods.
They don't like to take iron tablets during pregnancy.
Some health workers don't treat patients well.
It's very difficult to get ambulance service at night.
When calling for an ambulance, there's a problem because the network doesn't work.
The health posts here don't have enough staff.
Pregnant women should be encouraged to get regular checkups.
Information about the nutrition needed for new mothers and babies should be provided.
There is a lack of ambulances to take critical patients to the hospital.
The programs that provide information about family planning are not effective.
Pregnant women should be encouraged to go to the health post for safe delivery.
Many people don't know about the rest and nutrition a mother needs after giving birth.
Even though the ambulance service is free, it's hard to find money for maintenance.
The patient who was brought in last night after suddenly having a stroke is still in serious condition, no improvement seen.
We tried a lot to save the patient who was seriously ill from electric shock, but couldn't, felt bad.
Patients are having problems in this rehab center because there aren't enough medicines, like a lack of antihypertensives.
Physiotherapy wasn't effective because the patient who came after an accident had severe muscle damage.
It was even harder for the patient bitten by a snake because they didn't get antivenom on time.
There aren't enough tools here to save a patient who has taken poison, how to treat them?
There was a problem because there was no immediate ICU arrangement for the heart attack patient in the rehab center.
It was very painful to bring the patient with a broken bone from a fall here because there was a lack of stretchers.
There was a problem because there weren't enough ventilators to save the patient who came after drowning.
Adrenaline should be given immediately to the patient with anaphylaxis, but it's not available here.
There is a lack of manpower to provide regular physiotherapy to stroke patients.
The emergency services needed for heart attack patients are not available at the rehabilitation center.
There aren't enough surgery arrangements for patients seriously injured in accidents.
We don't have all the antivenom needed to treat patients bitten by snakes here.
We couldn't provide immediate dialysis services for patients who have consumed poison.
There isn't a sufficient burn ward here for patients critically injured by electric shock.
There is a lack of ICU beds needed for patients who have drowned.
Emergency treatment services are not available for patients with anaphylaxis.
There aren't enough equipments for rehabilitation of patients with bone fractures.
There is a shortage of trained nursing staff to properly care for stroke patients here.
There is no echocardiography facility to immediately examine heart attack patients.
There is no arrangement for artificial limbs needed for accident victims here.
The lab facilities aren't sufficient to treat snakebite patients on time.
There is a lack of toxicology specialists to treat patients who have consumed poison.
Skin grafting services are not available here for patients who have suffered electric shock.
There isn't enough oxygen available here to save patients who have drowned and are unconscious.
There is no allergy testing facility for anaphylaxis patients.
There isn't enough space for physiotherapy for patients with bone fractures.
Speech therapy services are not available for stroke patients.
There aren't enough emergency medicines for heart attack patients here.
Psychosocial counseling services are not available for accident patients.
There is no ventilator available here for patients bitten by snakes.
Here, essential medicines for patients who have taken poison are not always available.
Here, immediate blood transfusion services are not available for patients who have been electrocuted.
There is a lack of specialist doctors here for patients who have drowned.
There are not enough beds here to accommodate patients with anaphylaxis.
There is a shortage of plaster here for patients with broken bones.
The rehabilitation program here is not effective for stroke patients.
There are many complaints that blood pressure is not controlled even when taking antihypertensive medication.
The medicine given to reduce the effect of snake venom is not always available here.
There is a shortage of paracetamol to reduce pain for patients injured in accidents.
There is no dental clinic in the rehabilitation center to treat patients with dental problems.
There is not enough equipment here to strengthen muscles weakened by stroke.
There is a lack of vitamin supplements needed to rehabilitate patients with accident-related bone fractures.
Here, antiretroviral drugs for HIV-infected patients are not always available.
There is not enough emergency medicine available here for patients with heart attacks.
The counseling service for stroke patients in the rehabilitation center is not effective.
If you have chest pain, immediate treatment for heart attack may not be possible in this village, so go to the nearest hospital as soon as possible.
Don't panic if a snake bites you, instead keep the bitten area still and take them to the hospital.
If someone gets electrocuted, immediately turn off the main switch and take the patient to the hospital.
Take the poisoned patient to the hospital immediately and provide information on what they consumed.
Immediately pull the drowned person out of the water and try to give artificial respiration.
If someone gets burned, pour cold water right away and take them to the hospital.
If you suspect a bone fracture, bandage it immediately and take them to the hospital.
In case of emergency, if you need an antihistamine injection, contact the health post, there might be a risk of anaphylaxis.
If someone suddenly has difficulty breathing, it could be asthma, contact the nearest health post immediately.
Provide first aid immediately to those injured in road accidents and take them to the hospital.
If the patient has joint pain, foment with warm water and let them rest.
If you see a skin allergy, apply calamine lotion to the itchy area.
If something gets in your eye, wash it with clean water and rest, but don't rub it too much.
If you have a headache, you can take paracetamol, but if it hurts a lot, go to the hospital.
If someone has feelings of hopelessness, consult a psychiatrist immediately, they might need antidepressants.
If you have diarrhea, drink Jeevan Jal (ORS) regularly.
If someone has a high fever, take them to the hospital immediately, it could be a sign of a stroke.
If there is a lot of bleeding from an injury, tie it with a clean cloth immediately and take them to the hospital.
If someone suddenly faints, call an ambulance immediately.
If a dog bites you, get a rabies vaccine immediately.
If children have pneumonia, they should be taken to the hospital immediately, it affects the lungs.
If a pregnant woman has high blood pressure, seek medical advice immediately.
If a diabetic patient suddenly feels dizzy, give them glucose immediately.
If you have a persistent cough, get tested for tuberculosis immediately.
If a child has breathing problems, contact the nearest health center immediately.
Old people have a high risk of bone fracture, so help them when they walk.
If you see a skin infection, apply antifungal cream and pay attention to hygiene.
If someone has mental stress, contact a psychosocial counselor immediately.
If your eyes are red or blurry, see an eye doctor immediately.
If you feel chest pain, it could be a sign of a heart attack, call an ambulance immediately.
Don't touch someone who has an electric shock, turn off the main switch first.
Don't tie a rope tightly on a snake bite, instead keep it still and take them to the hospital.
Don't try to make someone who has taken poison vomit, instead take them to the hospital.
Don't put ice on a burn, wash it with clean water.
Don't try to straighten a broken bone, instead bandage it and take them to the hospital.
If you see symptoms of anaphylaxis, give an epinephrine injection immediately.
If an asthma patient has difficulty breathing, let them use their inhaler immediately.
Don't move a person injured in a road accident, instead wait for an ambulance.
Don't massage aching joints with oil, instead rest.
If you have a skin allergy, don't wash it with soap and water, wash it with clean water instead.
If something gets in your eye, wash it with clean water instead of rubbing it.
If you have a headache, don't stress too much, just rest.
If you feel depressed, don't stay alone, talk to friends instead.
If you have diarrhea, drink plenty of fluids.
If you see symptoms of a stroke, go to the hospital without wasting time.
Apply pressure and elevate the area where the blood is flowing.
Sprinkle water to bring an unconscious person back to consciousness.
Wash a dog bite wound thoroughly with soap and water.
If you have lung problems, don't smoke.
If you have high blood pressure, reduce your salt intake.
Taking iron tablets during pregnancy is very important for both mother and baby.
Family planning resources are available here, tell me which one you need.
It is best to go to the hospital for safe delivery services.
Vitamin supplements are necessary to reduce weakness in the mother after childbirth.
The mother needs rest after delivery, help her with household chores.
If you have dental problems during pregnancy, you should consult a dentist immediately.
Regular vaccination is necessary to protect newborns from pneumonia.
Paying attention to the mother's nutrition during postpartum is also important for the baby's health.
Breastfeed the baby only breast milk for 6 months, don't give anything else.
If you have high blood pressure during pregnancy, take your medicine regularly.
If you experience any problems while using temporary family planning methods, contact us immediately.
Safe abortion services are not available here, but I can tell you where to get help.
If you have abdominal pain or any other problems during pregnancy, go to the hospital immediately.
If the mother has a fever or any other problems after the baby is born, see a doctor immediately.
You should take iron and calcium tablets regularly during pregnancy.
If you want more info about family planning, I can give you a booklet.
When labor starts, call an ambulance to take her to the hospital right away.
To deliver the baby safely, you should get help from a trained health worker.
This medicine for managing complications is only available in the hospital.
The medicines and vitamins that a new mother needs are available here.
If you have a cough during pregnancy, don't take any medicine without asking a doctor.
To reduce stomach pain during pregnancy, take the medicine the doctor prescribed.
Hold the baby correctly while breastfeeding, so it's easier for them to breathe.
Register your name at the hospital beforehand for a safe delivery.
If the mother has constipation after giving birth, advise her to eat fiber-rich foods.
If you have diabetes during pregnancy, you should get treatment right away.
To control high blood pressure during pregnancy, take the medicine the doctor gave you regularly.
Breastfeeding the baby for 6 months increases their immunity.
Iron deficiency during pregnancy affects both mother and baby, so eat iron-rich foods.
Give the mother enough time to rest during postpartum, keep her away from stress.
Go to the health post immediately for managing complications.
If you see any problems during pregnancy, contact the nearest health facility.
Family planning services are free, take advantage of it.
The government has introduced various programs for safe delivery services, get information.
Taking vitamin supplements during pregnancy helps with the baby's physical and mental development.
When breastfeeding, mothers should drink plenty of water.
If you see any complications during pregnancy, consult a specialist doctor immediately.
Pain experience in patients with dementia can be different than in other patients.
Back pain caused by osteoporosis can be more uncomfortable than normal back pain.
Vision impairment in old age increases the risk of injury, which is different than in young people.
Taking pain relievers for a long time can cause more side effects than other medicines.
Hearing loss that occurs with aging is different than hearing loss at a young age.
Speaking loudly to older adults with hearing loss can be different than speaking to people of other age groups.
Speaking clearly when talking to older adults with hearing loss is more important than talking to other age groups.
Encouraging older adults with hearing loss to learn sign language can be more helpful than for other age groups.
If you have a fever, get tested at the lab immediately.
Take pain medicine to reduce your headache.
If you feel nauseous, it is beneficial to drink ginger juice.
If you have a cough, mix honey in warm water and drink it.
If you feel tired, you should rest and drink plenty of water.
If there is swelling in the body, rinse with salt water.
If there is bleeding, press the wound with a clean cloth and take it to the hospital immediately.
If rashes appear on the body, consult a doctor.
If you have difficulty breathing, oxygen should be provided.
If you have joint pain, rinse with warm water and apply pain relieving ointment.
If your muscles ache, rest and massage them.
If you see liver problems, get expert advice immediately.
If you have a fever and your body is weak, take vitamin supplements.
If you have a constant headache, get your eyes checked once.
If you feel very nauseous, take medicine according to your doctor's advice.
Drink oral rehydration solution to stop vomiting.
If your cough doesn't get better, you may need a chest X-ray.
Regular exercise and a balanced diet are necessary to reduce fatigue.
Applying ice to swollen areas provides relief.
Apply antifungal cream if you see rashes on your skin.
If you have difficulty breathing, contact the nearest health post immediately.
Eat calcium-rich foods to reduce joint pain.
Eat protein-rich foods to strengthen muscles.
Eat less fatty food to keep your liver healthy.
You can take paracetamol when you have a fever.
Massaging with warm oil provides relief when you have a headache.
Drink lemon water when you feel nauseous.
Increase the amount of water in your body after vomiting.
If you have a cough, boil and eat basil leaves.
Listen to relaxing music if you feel tired.
When your body is swollen, don't eat salty foods.
If you get rashes, don't scratch the itchy spots.
If you have difficulty breathing, take long, deep breaths.
If you have joint pain, take painkillers as advised by the doctor.
If you have muscle pain, take a bath with lukewarm water.
You may need a blood test for a liver checkup.
If fatigue is due to iron deficiency, take iron tablets.
If the fever doesn't go down, it is mandatory to see a doctor.
If you have a continuous headache, see a neurology specialist.
If it is difficult to take medicine due to nausea, you may need an injection.
If you have diarrhea and vomiting, take zinc tablets along with Jeevan Jal.
If you have a lot of cough and have difficulty sleeping at night, drink turmeric mixed in warm milk.
If you feel tired, don't eat sugary and oily foods.
Apply a pressure bandage to the swollen area of the body.
Apply antiseptic cream to a bleeding wound to prevent infection.
If you get rashes, don't go in the sun.
If you have difficulty breathing, call an ambulance immediately.
It is very important to feed patients admitted to the ICU enough protein-rich food.
Many patients being treated here have vitamin deficiencies, which have added to health complications.
I found that many patients have weakened immunity due to lack of a balanced diet.
During check-ups, many patients are seen to have iron deficiency, so they might have anemia.
In this complex situation, special attention should be paid to prevent iodine deficiency.
Patients whose bodies are weak due to malnutrition need to increase their protein intake.
Patients with extreme obesity should be advised to control their calorie intake.
Some patients who come here have micronutrient deficiencies, which need to be addressed immediately.
Patients with weak teeth should be given soft, protein-rich foods.
For stroke patients, protein helps improve memory.
Protein-rich foods can provide relief to patients with joint pain problems.
Patients with eye problems need Vitamin A and protein.
Those taking blood pressure medication should pay attention to their protein intake.
Protein-rich foods provide energy to patients taking antiretroviral drugs.
Those taking pain relievers should increase their protein intake.
Asthma patients experience easier breathing when they eat protein-rich foods.
The amount of protein needs to be adjusted according to the patient's health condition.
Special attention should be given to prevent protein deficiency during treatment.
Patients admitted to the ICU should be given protein according to the doctor's advice.
In some patients, wounds are healing slowly due to protein deficiency.
Patients and their families should be informed about a balanced diet.
Special precautions should be taken to prevent nutritional deficiencies during treatment.
Patients with anemia due to iron deficiency should be given iron-rich foods.
Iodine deficiency can cause thyroid problems, so we should advise people to eat iodized salt.
Protein-rich foods help make the body strong.
I advise obese patients to eat low-calorie, protein-rich foods.
Malnourished children should be given protein-rich foods.
Many health problems arise due to micronutrient deficiencies.
Both calcium and protein are necessary to make teeth strong.
You should eat protein-rich foods to keep the brain healthy.
Protein and calcium are needed to strengthen joints.
To keep the eyes healthy, you should eat vitamin A and protein-rich foods.
To control blood pressure, you should eat a balanced diet and protein-rich foods.
Protein boosts the immunity of those taking antiretroviral drugs.
Protein gives strength to the body for those taking pain relievers.
Protein-rich foods make breathing easier for asthma patients.
Various problems appear in the body due to protein deficiency.
Due to lack of a balanced diet, many people have weakened immunity.
Due to iron deficiency, anemia is more common in women.
Iodine deficiency affects the physical and mental development of children.
Protein-rich foods keep the body strong and healthy.
Protein-rich foods help obese people lose weight.
Protein-rich foods help malnourished children improve their health.
Vitamin deficiency has caused health problems in many people.
Eating a balanced diet is very important for health.
Many women have become weak due to iron deficiency.
Protein-rich foods strengthen muscles.
Deficiency of micronutrients causes many problems in the body, so you should eat a balanced diet.
The patient's skin is yellow, is it because of too much alcohol consumption?
Smoking is prohibited here in the ICU, please go outside to smoke.
Most addicts hesitate to go to rehab centers.
This medicine may affect the brain, so get regular checkups.
The patient is having difficulty breathing, an inhaler should be given immediately.
Most of the patients here are seriously ill due to drug addiction.
Excessive alcohol consumption can cause liver problems.
The patient's muscle weakness may be due to malnutrition or some other disease.
Taking iron tablets regularly reduces anemia.
This antiretroviral drug increases immunity.
A person who uses drugs needs a lot of family support and love.
The patient is unconscious because of alcohol consumption.
Smoking affects not only the lungs but also other organs of the body.
Many addicts think they can quit drugs, but it's not that easy.
Patients are given counseling and therapy in rehabilitation centers.
Alcohol addiction badly affects a person's social life.
The nicotine found in cigarettes stimulates the brain and increases addiction.
Family support is essential to get rid of drug addiction.
Regular exercise strengthens muscles and reduces alcohol cravings.
Excessive alcohol consumption weakens memory.
Smoking wrinkles the skin and shows signs of aging.
Drug use increases the risk of suicide.
Patients are provided with a positive environment in the rehabilitation center.
Alcohol addiction can lead to financial problems.
Smoking yellows the teeth and causes bad breath.
Drug addiction increases fights and stress in the family.
Mental peace is provided to the patient in the rehabilitation center by teaching yoga and meditation.
Alcohol consumption weakens the ability to make decisions.
Smoking increases blood pressure and increases the risk of heart disease.
Drug use increases the crime rate.
Patients are made self-reliant in the rehabilitation center by teaching new skills.
Alcohol addiction reduces work efficiency.
Smoking increases the risk of cancer.
Drug addiction ruins the future.
Patients are given psychological counseling at the de-addiction center.
Alcohol messes up your sleep.
These days, even a lot of young people are starting to show drug addiction.
Smokers' skin looks old quickly.
The hospital should have a de-addiction center.
Patients whose livers are damaged from drinking too much alcohol often come to the ICU.
A lot of people are having breathing problems because of smoking. Do they need an inhaler?
There's a rehab center nearby, you can contact them if needed.
Iron tablets help reduce anemia.
People who drink alcohol are more likely to have mental health problems.
Smokers are more likely to get different kinds of cancer.
Drug addiction has seriously affected the patient's brain.
If you don't take antiretroviral medicine regularly, health complications can arise.
To get rid of their alcohol addiction, they need to be taken to a de-addiction center.
Doctor, I've been really hit hard by the flu this season, it's even hard to breathe.
I've had a fever and body aches for a long time, can you give me a painkiller to reduce the pain?
Is this a seasonal flu epidemic, there are so many patients here?
I suspect it might be dysentery, I'm having diarrhea frequently.
Doctor, I'm so annoyed by this skin allergy (scabies).
My joints hurt so much that it's hard to walk, is this an effect of the seasonal flu?
Before coming to the hospital, I took painkillers like paracetamol, but the pain didn't lessen.
Do you have cholera vaccine here? I think there's a cholera outbreak in this area.
Doctor, my son has a fever and small red rashes all over his body, what could it be?
Is hepatitis infection also increasing this season? I also look like I have jaundice.
Many people in the village have fever, could it be leptospirosis?
I was bitten by a dog, should I get a rabies shot or not?
My mother has a very high fever and is unconscious, is this a symptom of meningitis?
Doctor, I'm having trouble breathing, do I need an inhaler?
My body is very weak, can you give me some vitamin supplements?
I don't feel like eating because of the fever, maybe that's why my muscles are also weak.
This looks like a symptom of typhoid, do I need to get it checked?
I took some regular paracetamol at home before coming here, but the fever hasn't gone down.
Doctor, I have a fever with chills, is it influenza or something else?
My grandson has blood in his stool, is it because of dysentery?
Many people in the village have skin problems (scabies), what is the treatment for it?
My foot joint is swollen and hurts a lot, why could this be?
I have trouble breathing when I sleep at night, is it because of the flu?
Doctor, I have diabetes, can you help me adjust my insulin dosage?
I feel like I have a vitamin deficiency, do I need to take some supplements?
Doctor, my daughter has an itchy skin problem, is it scabies or an allergy?
How do I know if this fever is typhoid or seasonal flu?
There's dysentery spreading in my village, should we take precautions?
I have a headache and my neck feels stiff, could it be meningitis?
Doctor, I have a cough and chest pain, is it because of the flu?
Is there a vaccine available to prevent hepatitis?
My dog bite wound hasn't healed, how big is the risk of rabies?
I feel dehydrated, should I get a saline drip?
Doctor, my son has a fever and is vomiting, what could be the reason?
Please tell me how to stay safe from this flu infection.
Is my stomach ache because of dysentery?
For how many days should I use this scabies medicine?
Doctor, what should I do to reduce this joint pain?
Are there any side effects from using this inhaler?
Doctor, I have a vitamin D deficiency, what should I eat for it?
Why did these red spots appear on my skin? Is it because of scabies?
I suspect I have typhoid, so I came for a checkup.
I'm scared after hearing the news of cholera spreading in the village.
I have a headache, could it be a sign of meningitis?
Doctor, I'm having difficulty breathing, is it because of the flu?
The painkiller didn't give me much relief, can I get something else?
What dosage of vitamin supplements should I take?
I suspect these are symptoms of leptospirosis, please check me.
Doctor, I have a cough, should I get tested for the flu?
My mother had typhoid, so I came to get checked too.
After the flood, focus on a balanced diet to avoid malnutrition.
Eat plenty of green vegetables and beans to prevent iron deficiency.
Vitamin deficiency can weaken your eyes, so eat vitamin-rich foods.
Iodine deficiency can cause goiter, so use iodized salt.
Eating enough protein makes the body strong, so eat lentils, beans, and meat.
Being too overweight can cause various diseases, so eat a balanced diet and exercise regularly.
Focus on nutritious food to eliminate malnutrition in children.
Pregnant women should take iron tablets regularly.
Breastfeed babies only breast milk for 6 months, then give additional nutritious food.
Give supplementary feeding to weak children according to the doctor's advice.
Boost your immunity by taking vitamin supplements regularly.
If you have trouble breathing, go to the health post immediately and learn how to use an inhaler.
Only drink boiled water, it protects against stomach diseases.
Don't forget to give children deworming medicine, it helps with their growth and development.
Don't eat too many sugary foods, it increases obesity and causes tooth problems.
The flood may cause food shortages, so use the food you have now properly.
If you have iron deficiency, start taking iron pills according to your doctor's advice.
A balanced diet helps keep your lungs healthy.
Malnutrition can weaken children's backs, so give them enough nutrition.
Iodine deficiency can cause thyroid problems, so use iodized salt.
Feed eggs and beans to children to prevent protein deficiency.
If you see symptoms of malnutrition, contact a health worker immediately.
Pay special attention to cleanliness after a flood, it protects you from diseases.
Vitamin D deficiency weakens bones, so sit in the sun and eat foods rich in Vitamin D.
Don't forget to give children necessary vaccinations from time to time.
Pregnant women should increase the amount of iron and folic acid in their diet.
If you need information about any medicine, you can come and ask at the health post.
If you have stomach pain due to the flood, drink Jeevan Jal and plenty of water.
To avoid malnutrition, use locally available food.
Don't even give water to babies under 6 months, mother's milk alone is enough.
Since there may be iron deficiency after a flood, eat foods like chickpeas and beans.
If you see symptoms of malnutrition in your child, bring them to the health post immediately.
Protein-rich foods increase the body's immunity.
Floods can contaminate drinking water, so drink water only after boiling or filtering it.
Iodine deficiency affects intellectual development, so don't forget to use iodized salt.
Vitamin deficiency can cause night blindness, so eat green leafy vegetables.
Make it a habit to wash your hands regularly, it protects you from many diseases.
If you have any health problems, contact the nearest health post.
Explain the importance of a balanced diet to children, it makes their future better.
To avoid malnutrition, include lentils, rice, vegetables, and beans in every meal.
If you feel uncomfortable taking iron tablets, consult a doctor.
Pregnant women and children need special attention in the post-flood situation.
Lack of nutrition weakens the body, so eat a balanced diet.
If your child refuses to eat, give them nutritious food that they like.
If you need more information about vitamin supplements, ask a health worker.
It is our duty to provide nutritious food to those displaced by the floods.
Iron deficiency can cause anemia, so get it checked on time.
Protein deficiency weakens muscles, so eat protein-rich foods and exercise regularly.
Safe abortion services are available at the hospital here.
Get regular cervical cancer screenings, this disease can be prevented.
Get information about temporary family planning methods.
Pay attention to hygiene to maintain menstrual hygiene.
Safe sex is necessary to prevent STDs.
If you have fertility problems, seek counseling at the hospital.
Regular checkups can reduce the risk of cervical cancer.
Implants are a reliable method for family planning.
Unsafe abortions can seriously affect a woman's health.
It's good to take iron tablets during your period.
If you see symptoms of STDs, get it checked right away.
There are different options in the hospital for infertility treatment.
When using family planning methods, women should be aware of their health.
A pap smear test should be done to detect cervical cancer.
If your period is irregular, see a doctor immediately.
You can avoid STDs by using condoms.
Infertility can be caused by both men and women.
There is surgery available in the hospital for those who want a permanent method of family planning.
Painkillers can be used to reduce pain during menstruation.
STDs can seriously affect reproductive health.
Infertility treatment can be expensive, but many couples have had success.
It is necessary to remove misconceptions about family planning.
Cervical cancer screening is free.
Teenage girls need to get accurate information about menstruation.
Untreated STDs can lead to complications.
Counseling services are available for those with infertility problems.
Family planning devices are available for free at health posts.
If you see symptoms of cervical cancer, come to the hospital immediately.
Lifestyle changes should be made to regulate menstruation.
Get regular checkups to prevent STIs.
Modern technologies are available for infertility treatment.
Some women suffer from side effects when using contraception.
Adopt a healthy lifestyle to reduce the risk of cervical cancer.
You should rest and reduce stress during menstruation.
Young people are trained to provide information about STIs.
Patience is needed when treating infertility.
Unplanned pregnancies can be avoided by using family planning methods.
It is necessary to raise public awareness about cervical cancer.
You should eat a nutritious diet during menstruation.
Various tests may be needed to find the cause of infertility.
All the necessary facilities for safe abortion are available here.
Regular checkups are important to prevent cervical cancer.
Doctors may prescribe iron tablets to solve menstrual problems.
Problems can arise from not having correct information about contraception.
Go to the hospital immediately if you see symptoms of STIs.
Infertility treatment can be very expensive.
Safe abortion is a woman's right.
Adolescent girls should be informed about menstrual health.
Pay attention to hand hygiene, wash your hands thoroughly with soap and water before and after eating.
Drink safe water, only use water after boiling or filtering.
To control mosquitoes, don't let water collect around the house and use mosquito nets.
Get your high blood pressure checked regularly, it protects you from heart attacks.
Cancer screening helps detect cancer in the early stages, so get regular checkups.
Get your eyes checked once a year, it protects you from vision problems.
Get adult vaccinations, it protects you from various diseases.
Participate in health camps and learn about your health.
Do regular exercise to strengthen your muscles.
Eat a balanced diet to keep your heart healthy.
To keep your liver healthy, don't eat too much oily food.
Don't take any medicine without a doctor's advice, not even paracetamol.
Iron tablets are very important for pregnant women, take them regularly.
Take high blood pressure medicine regularly, don't forget.
Wash your hands regularly, especially after going to the toilet and before preparing food.
Don't forget to get your blood pressure checked during a health checkup.
Reduce the use of mobile phones to keep your eyes healthy.
Vaccination can prevent many diseases, so get vaccinated on time.
Regular screening is necessary for cancer prevention.
Drink safe water and encourage others to drink it too.
Keep your surroundings clean to avoid mosquitoes.
Regular health checkup is a must for a healthy life.
Take part in regular health camps and get health related information.
Wear sunglasses when going out in the sun to protect your eyes.
Reduce salt intake to control blood pressure.
Don't smoke to reduce the risk of cancer.
Adult vaccines help keep you healthy.
Use sanitizer to keep your hands clean.
Start medication immediately if you have high blood pressure.
See a doctor immediately if your eyesight is weak.
It is very important to get vaccinated to prevent diseases.
Using safe water prevents many diseases.
Use mosquito nets to avoid mosquito bites.
Inform everyone about hand hygiene.
Go to a health camp and get advice about your health.
Cancer screening helps detect the disease early.
Regular eye check-ups can prevent eye problems.
Taking high blood pressure medicine regularly keeps the heart healthy.
Make it a habit to wash your hands regularly, it protects against germs.
Come to the health camp, your health will be checked here.
Drink water after boiling or filtering it, it protects against stomach related diseases.
To avoid mosquito problems, keep your surroundings clean.
Adult vaccines help protect you from many diseases.
Get your blood pressure checked regularly, and if it's high, consult a doctor.
To protect your eyes, reduce the use of mobile phones and computers.
Adopt a healthy lifestyle to avoid cancer.
When a child has a fever, bathe them with lukewarm water.
If the child has a cough, give them warm water mixed with honey, it will provide relief.
If they have difficulty breathing, take them to the nearest health post immediately.
If the child feels constantly tired and has no interest in food, get them checked.
If the headache doesn't get better, it's good to see a doctor once.
To stop vomiting, give the child small sips of water.
If red rashes appear on the body, consult a health worker immediately.
If the child's joints are swollen, take them to the hospital immediately.
If the child has a cough, give them basil leaf and ginger juice.
If blood is seen in the child's stool, they should be taken to the hospital immediately.
If the child looks weak, feed them iron-rich foods.
If you see breathing problems, make the child comfortable and take them to the hospital immediately.
If the child has a fever, give them paracetamol and wipe their body.
If the child is constantly vomiting, give Jeevan Jal to prevent dehydration.
If the child has a severe headache, see a doctor immediately.
If a child is coughing and having trouble breathing, it could be a sign of pneumonia, take them to the hospital right away.
If you see any kind of allergy on the child's body, consult a doctor immediately.
If the child feels tired, let them get enough rest.
When the child has a fever, give them liquid foods.
If the child has difficulty breathing, they may need oxygen, take them to the hospital immediately.
If the child has a constant headache, get their eyes checked.
If the child is vomiting, let them drink water little by little.
If red rashes appear on the child's skin, they may need allergy medicine.
If the child has joint pain, apply warm water.
If the child has a cough, give them honey and ginger juice mixed together.
If the child's nose is bleeding, see a doctor immediately.
When the child has a fever, give them the correct dose of paracetamol.
If the child has difficulty breathing, take them to the nearest health post.
If the child has a headache, let them rest.
If the child is vomiting, don't give them solid food for some time.
If red rashes appear on the child's body, apply anti-itch medicine.
If the child's joint is swollen, see a doctor immediately.
If the child has a cough, have them gargle with warm salt water.
If blood is flowing from the child's body, immediately press it with a clean cloth and take them to the hospital.
If the child feels tired, feed them iron-rich foods.
If the child has trouble breathing, keep their nose clear.
If the child has a fever, take their body temperature.
If the child is vomiting continuously, prevent dehydration.
If the child has a headache, don't let them watch mobile or TV.
If the child has a cough, keep them away from dust and smoke.
If the child is bleeding, put a clean bandage on the wound.
If the child has difficulty breathing, call an ambulance immediately.
If the child has a fever, wipe their forehead with a damp cloth.
If the child vomits, ask if they have a stomach ache.
If the child has a headache, let them drink plenty of water.
If the child has a cough, give them honey to eat before sleeping at night.
If the child has red rashes on their body, don't wash them with soap and water.
If the child has joint pain, massage them.
If the child is tired, keep them in a comfortable environment.
If there is a problem with breathing, take the child to the hospital immediately if they need oxygen.
After the flood, there is a risk of increased outbreaks of diarrhea and cholera, so drink water only after boiling it.
I have a fever and body aches, I wonder if I have the flu?
When is the hepatitis testing camp coming to the community?
My son has jaundice, is this a symptom of hepatitis?
After having a continuous headache and vomiting, the doctor suspects meningitis.
The dog bite wound isn't healing, should I get a rabies shot or not?
I'm having problems with itchy skin, the doctor said it might be scabies.
I got a wound on my foot while working in the flood water, should I get tested for leptospirosis?
I've had a stomach ache and diarrhea for two days, is this a symptom of dysentery?
The doctor suspects typhoid and sent me for a blood test.
I heard that I should get a typhoid vaccine, where can I find it?
I am very scared after hearing the news of cholera spreading in the village.
Is the Hepatitis B vaccine available here?
What precautions should be taken to avoid leptospirosis?
How much does it cost to get a rabies vaccine?
What are the symptoms of meningitis?
What kind of food is good to eat to avoid the flu?
How to prevent dysentery infection?
What kind of medicine should I use to cure scabies?
Due to the flood, the risk of leptospirosis has increased due to being submerged in water.
The doctor said, "It seems you have Hepatitis A.
How long does a typhoid fever last?
How to make drinking water safe to avoid cholera?
Is the rabies vaccine free or do I have to pay?
How long does meningitis treatment last?
What should we do to avoid the flu outbreak?
What to do to prevent dehydration from dysentery?
How to stop scabies from spreading to other family members?
How do you identify leptospirosis?
We should pay attention to hygiene to avoid hepatitis.
The doctor gave me typhoid medicine after the fever didn't go down.
I heard many people are sick because of cholera.
What kind of problems come after getting rabies?
If you see symptoms of meningitis, you should go to the hospital immediately.
Should we get the flu vaccine or not?
What to eat and what not to eat when you have dysentery?
I'm so annoyed by the itchy skin because of scabies.
We should be careful because the risk of leptospirosis has increased due to the flood.
How much does it cost for hepatitis treatment?
We should pay special attention to hygiene to avoid typhoid.
What is the village council doing to control cholera?
How to avoid rabies infection?
What kind of food is good to eat to avoid meningitis?
Should we rest when we have the flu or not?
What is the home remedy for dysentery treatment?
How can you prevent scabies from spreading?
Leptospirosis should be treated as soon as symptoms appear.
It's best to get vaccinated to avoid hepatitis.
After getting typhoid, the doctor gave me antibiotics.
To avoid cholera, drink boiled water and make sure your food is clean.
It's hard to find enough time to educate women who come to the hospital for safe abortion services about family planning.
During this COVID pandemic, it was very difficult to encourage patients to get tested for STIs.
Many women who ask about menstrual hygiene products are financially weak, so they look for cheaper options.
Nowadays, many young people are sexually active while in college, so we have to give them information about contraception.
The number of women coming to the hospital for cervical cancer screening has decreased compared to before.
Patients come and complain of back pain, but many refuse to take medicine.
Those who are afraid to come to the hospital during COVID ask for antibiotics over the phone.
Many patients ask for advice for skin problems, but there is a problem due to lack of specialists.
Some women still experience infertility problems even when using contraceptives, which is a complex issue.
Some people are still hesitant to talk openly about sexual and reproductive health.
Some pregnant women refuse to take vitamin supplements regularly.
Due to the lack of sufficient medicine in the hospital, we are forced to send patients to outside medical stores.
Some patients ask about health insurance, but I don't know much about it.
Due to COVID, many people are facing financial problems, which makes it difficult to get health services.
Many young people rely on the internet for information about STIs, but not all information may be accurate.
There needs to be a separate counseling room at the hospital to give information about safe abortion services.
Many women suffer from period pain, but they take it as normal.
Many people don't know about the different methods of contraception.
Some women come to get information about cervical cancer, but they are afraid to get tested.
Some patients with STDs hesitate to come to the hospital because of shame.
Because many young people have unprotected sex, the risk of STIs has increased.
Patients are having problems because the hospital lacks antihypertensive medicines.
Some asthma patients refuse to use inhalers regularly.
Some people use antibiotics randomly, which is increasing the problem of medicines not working.
There is increasing demand to distribute contraception for free in the hospital.
Safe abortion services need to be made even safer and more accessible.
There is a demand to provide education about menstrual health in schools.
Infertility treatment is very expensive, so many couples are unable to get treatment.
The necessary kits for STD testing are not always available in the hospital.
During the Covid pandemic, the pressure of patients in the hospital increased a lot, which affected other services.
Nowadays, many young women are having uterine problems, but they don't get treatment on time.
It is necessary to give correct information about sexual and reproductive health to many people.
Some women can have serious health problems when they have unsafe abortions.
The hospital does not have enough equipment for cervical cancer screening.
There is still a perception that talking openly about STDs has a negative impact on society.
The hospital doesn't have enough staff to give information about safe abortion services.
Many women don't have information about menstrual hygiene.
Many couples are under mental stress because of infertility.
It's hard to maintain the privacy of patients who come for treatment of STDs.
Healthcare workers working in the hospital during COVID had a lot of stress.
It takes a lot of time to explain about vitamin supplements to patients.
Patients are having problems because the price of antihypertensive medicines is increasing.
The availability of inhalers in the hospital is not always enough.
There is a need to control the use of antibiotics.
There is no program in the hospital to provide information about different methods of contraception.
Safe abortion services need to be made more effective.
Awareness programs about menstrual health need to be conducted at the community level.
The government should help to make infertility treatment easier.
There should be a separate department for STD testing in the hospital.
There were many challenges in the hospital during the COVID pandemic, which caused problems for the patients.
Spreading awareness about safe water in the community is our first duty.
Regular health check-ups help to detect diseases.
The use of safe water should be emphasized to prevent the spread of cholera.
Regular blood pressure testing can reduce the risk of high blood pressure.
Many people were able to receive health services in the health camp.
Cancer screening helps to identify cancer in early stages.
Regular vaccination programs are being conducted for children.
Many people's eye problems were identified in the eye checkup camp.
To control mosquitoes, waterlogged areas around the house should be cleaned.
Adult vaccination protects adults from many diseases.
Drinking safe water is essential for health.
It is good to get regular health checkups from time to time.
Diarrhea can be prevented by paying attention to cleanliness.
If you have high blood pressure, you should eat less salt.
Free medicine was distributed in the health camp.
Cancer is treatable if detected early.
Vaccination prevents many diseases.
Regular eye checkups should be done to avoid eye problems.
Mosquito nets should be used to avoid mosquito bites.
Adults should also get vaccinated.
Boiling water and drinking it is beneficial for health.
Regular health checkups are necessary for a healthy life.
Stomach related diseases can be prevented by washing hands before eating.
Regular exercise should be done to control blood pressure.
Health camps should be taken to villages.
Cancer screening can save lives.
Regular vaccination increases immunity.
Get your eyes checked on time to save your eyesight.
Everyone should participate in the mosquito control campaign.
A filter should be used for safe water.
There are many patients who have come to the lab for health checkups.
Washing hands with soap and water kills germs.
If blood pressure increases, you should consult a doctor immediately.
Women had come to the health camp to get screened for cervical cancer.
Vaccines protect children from diseases in the future.
Eye checkups reveal the power of your glasses.
Many diseases can be caused by mosquito bites.
Adults also need vaccines to protect against various diseases.
If there are germs in the water, it is better to drink it after boiling.
Getting a health checkup is preparation before getting sick.
Hands should be washed before and after eating.
You should go to the health post to get your blood pressure checked.
Many people participated in the cancer screening camp.
Children who have missed vaccinations should be found and vaccinated.
If you see any eye problems, you should get treatment immediately.
We should be careful to avoid mosquito problems.
We need to explain the importance of safe water in the community.
Regular health checkups reduce the risk of disease.
Washing hands protects you from infection.
What advice should I give immediately to a patient who says their tooth hurts a lot because of cavities?
What kind of information should be given to pregnant women about dental hygiene?
What's an easy way to explain how to maintain oral hygiene to people in rural areas?
What kind of medicine is safe to use if a tooth needs to be extracted?
What home remedies can be done for gum disease?
How do I explain to patients how fluoride makes teeth stronger?
What can be done immediately to reduce tooth pain?
How do I know which toothpaste is good for dental hygiene?
What can be done to get rid of bad breath?
How can we prevent tooth decay?
How long does it take for the wound to heal after a tooth extraction?
What can be done to whiten teeth?
What precautions should be taken to avoid oral cancer?
How much does dental treatment usually cost?
What is the relationship between oral health and overall health?
What medicine can be given if the tooth pain doesn't go away?
Is fluoride use safe for children?
What happens if gum disease gets worse?
What kind of brush should I use to clean my teeth?
What complications can arise from tooth extraction?
How to prioritize oral health?
What to do if a toothache is causing a headache?
How beneficial is it to drink fluoridated water?
What should I advise gum disease patients to eat and not eat?
What are the effects of not paying attention to dental hygiene?
How to decide whether to extract a tooth or not?
How to raise public awareness about oral health?
What are some home remedies to reduce tooth pain?
How does fluoride use strengthen teeth?
How long does gum disease treatment take?
What are some ways to maintain dental hygiene?
What are the potential dangers of tooth extraction?
What kinds of food should I eat for oral health?
What can be done for a toothache, are there any home remedies?
What effect does fluoride deficiency have on teeth?
What are the symptoms of gum disease?
What are some Ayurvedic treatments for dental hygiene?
Instead of pulling the tooth, are there any other options?
How to keep oral health good?
What to do if you get a fever because of a toothache?
From what age can you use fluoride toothpaste?
What should I do to avoid gum disease?
How many times should I brush to clean my teeth?
How painful is it to pull a tooth?
What habits should I quit for oral health?
What to eat if it's hard to eat because of a toothache?
How much does fluoride protect teeth?
What to do if teeth start to loosen due to gum disease?
Which mouthwash to use for oral hygiene?
Diabetic patients have a higher risk of heart disease than patients without other diseases, so get regular checkups.
Asthma patients have difficulty breathing, but COPD patients have it even worse.
Those taking high blood pressure medication should not take skin changes lightly, as it could also be a symptom of another disease.
Physiotherapy works more than this medicine to reduce arthritis pain.
People with thyroid problems are more likely to have dry eyes than other patients.
Chemotherapy is as effective as it is in cancer treatment, but it also has side effects.
Kidney patients are not allowed to eat as much protein food, nor are they allowed to drink too much water.
For people with liver disease, resting is as important as taking medicine.
This medicine might be helpful for old people with heart problems, but not as much for others.
This medicine might work fast for patients with high blood pressure, but not so much for others.
Diabetic patients have more risk when they get a foot injury than normal people.
Cancer patients feel more pain when the disease comes back than during chemotherapy.
Women with thyroid problems might feel more tired than men.
Asthma patients are more affected by dust than by the cold.
This oil is useful for reducing arthritis pain, but massage gives even more relief.
Liver patients need rest as much as they need healthy food.
It's important for kidney patients to drink less water, but it's even more important to avoid salty foods.
Walking is good for heart patients, but running can be more harmful.
Salty food is bad for high blood pressure patients, but stress is even more dangerous.
Sugar is bad for diabetic patients, but food made from refined flour is just as bad.
Positive thinking is important for cancer patients, but timely treatment is even more important.
Taking medicine is important for people with thyroid problems, but regular check-ups are even more important.
Inhalers are important for asthma patients, but avoiding dust is even more important.
Exercise is good for arthritis patients, but avoiding the cold is even more important.
Quitting smoking is important for COPD patients, but avoiding pollution is even more important.
Not drinking alcohol is important for people with liver disease, but avoiding oily food is even more important.
Eating less protein is important for kidney patients, but balancing water intake is even more important.
For heart patients, staying away from stress is more important than resting.
For diabetes patients, lifestyle change helps more than medicine.
For high blood pressure patients, adopting a healthy lifestyle is more important than controlling blood pressure with medicine.
In cancer treatment, chemotherapy is as important as surgery.
For those with thyroid problems, paying attention to diet is more important than medicine.
For asthma patients, yoga is more beneficial than an inhaler.
For reducing arthritis pain, applying heat is more beneficial than medicine.
For COPD patients, regular exercise is more important than oxygen.
For those with liver disease, dietary changes help more than medicine.
For heart patients, adopting a healthy lifestyle is more important than surgery.
For diabetes patients, regular exercise is more important than eating less sugar.
For high blood pressure patients, managing stress is more important than eating less salt.
For those with thyroid problems, reducing stress is more important than medicine.
For asthma patients, avoiding dust is more important than an inhaler.
For arthritis patients, physical exercise is more beneficial than pain medication.
For COPD patients, quitting smoking is more important than medicine.
For elderly people with high blood pressure, regular check-ups are more important than taking medicine.
For elderly diabetic patients, paying attention to their diet is more important than taking medicine.
For cancer patients, family support is more important than doctor's advice.
For elderly people with kidney disease, paying attention to water intake is more important than dialysis.
For people with thyroid disease, lifestyle changes are even more important than taking medicine.
During the floods, I was really bothered by my period problems, and it was hard to find pads too.
I wanted to know if there are safe abortion services here.
I came to get tested because I suspected I had an STD, but it seems like there's no testing equipment here.
I don't want to use family planning devices, are there any other options?
When will the cervical cancer screening camp be? I wish I could get the news.
I'm tired of trying so hard to have a baby, is there infertility treatment here?
I get so annoyed with period pain, can you tell me how to reduce the pain?
Many people in the village are seriously ill with coughs, isn't there a chest examination available?
The flood has caused itchy skin, what should I do?
I took medicine for stomach pain, but it didn't get better, should I get checked again?
Do you have iron tablets here? I'm having trouble with weakness.
My period has been irregular since I got the contraceptive injection, is this normal?
What are the symptoms of cervical cancer? I'm feeling scared.
I wanted to understand about sexual health, but I'm shy, who should I ask?
I had an unsafe abortion, and now it hurts a lot, what should I do?
My period has stopped and my headaches have increased, what could be the reason?
Are temporary family planning methods available for free here?
I heard that you should get vaccinated to prevent cervical cancer, where can I get it?
I'm worried about getting an STD, I'd feel relieved if I could get tested.
I'm having uterine prolapse even before giving birth, what's the solution?
Can you teach me how to maintain hygiene during menstruation?
Do you have free condoms here? I needed some.
Is there anyone here to give information about cervical cancer?
I want to learn about sex education, but no one cares.
I'm forced to have an abortion, but where can I find a safe place?
My periods are irregular and I'm getting stressed, what should I do?
I'm experiencing a lot of side effects from using family planning methods, what to do now?
How much does the treatment for cervical cancer cost?
There is no environment to talk openly about STDs, I'm very scared.
There is tension at home because I don't have children, I want to get infertility treatment.
My stomach hurts a lot during menstruation, even painkillers don't work.
If there are no iron tablets here, where should I get them from?
There are many people spreading misconceptions about family planning, what to do?
How long does it take to get a cervical cancer screening?
Even though I have symptoms of STDs, I haven't been able to tell anyone out of shame.
Society discriminates because of infertility, I need treatment.
How to properly manage the pads used during menstruation?
How much does a safe abortion cost here?
Is anyone coming to give information about cervical cancer?
It's a problem that there's no place to get information about STDs.
My stomach is upset from taking too much medicine, what should I do?
I've become weak after menopause, is it okay to take iron tablets?
Please give me information about temporary family planning methods.
How to avoid the risk of cervical cancer?
I haven't been able to live freely because I'm scared of STDs.
Many women are having period problems because of the flood, what's the solution?
Many women have died due to unsafe abortions, there should be a provision for safe abortions.
Even though I see symptoms of cervical cancer, I'm afraid to get it checked.
Many young people are in trouble because they don't have information about STDs.
I'm tired of stomach pain, but there's no painkiller here either.
It seems like the child got an electric shock, what should I do immediately?
I suspect my mother had a heart attack, which is the nearest hospital?
It seems like my leg is broken from falling, where is the nearest place to get a cast?
Where can I find an ambulance to take a snakebite victim to the hospital?
Is there any way to save a patient who has taken poison here?
If you know how to rescue a drowning person, please tell me.
Please give me the ambulance number to take accident victims to the hospital.
What kind of nutritious food should be given to malnourished children in a rehabilitation center?
How can we prevent diseases caused by vitamin deficiency?
What kind of problems are seen in patients who come here due to iron deficiency?
What should be done to prevent goiter caused by iodine deficiency?
What effect does a low amount of protein have on the body?
What kind of advice is given here to people with obesity problems?
What kind of arrangements are there to feed malnourished patients extra?
What kind of food is appropriate to give to remove micronutrient deficiency?
What kind of food should be given to a malnourished patient with liver problems?
What kind of diet should be given to malnourished elderly people with joint pain problems?
What kind of food is suitable for malnourished patients with kidney problems?
Is the problem of hearing loss due to malnutrition or is there another reason?
What kind of food is safe to give to a malnourished patient taking blood pressure medicine?
How to treat malnourished children who have worms in their stomachs?
In what condition should Jeevan Jal not be given to malnourished patients?
If asthma patients become malnourished, does the inhaler alone work, or is there something else to do?
What could be the main reason for malnutrition seen in children?
What effect does iron deficiency in pregnant women have on the baby?
Since malnutrition has increased in the village, how can awareness be spread about a balanced diet?
What kind of supplementary feeding should be given to malnourished patients?
What kind of eye problems can occur due to vitamin deficiency?
Does iodine deficiency affect the mental development of children or not?
How to avoid muscle weakness caused by protein deficiency?
What could be the reason for increasing obesity in the village?
What is locally available to feed malnourished patients more?
What symptoms appear if there is a micronutrient deficiency?
How does malnutrition affect the liver?
What nutritious food should be eaten to reduce joint pain?
How to protect kidney patients from malnutrition?
Can malnutrition cause hearing loss?
Does taking blood pressure medication increase the risk of malnutrition?
What kind of food to feed a malnourished child with worms in their stomach?
Which foods have a high amount of iron?
Which age group of children is at higher risk of malnutrition?
What kind of food should a pregnant woman eat to prevent malnutrition?
What programs can be introduced to solve the problem of malnutrition in the village?
How many times should supplementary feeding be given to malnourished patients?
What precautions should be taken to prevent vitamin deficiency?
What to eat to avoid diseases caused by iodine deficiency?
What kind of food should be eaten to increase protein intake?
What kind of exercise should be done to reduce obesity?
What kind of support does the government provide to feed malnourished patients more?
What should we do to prevent micronutrient deficiency?
What kind of food should we eat to keep the liver healthy?
What kind of effect does malnutrition have on joints?
What kind of diet should we have to keep the kidneys healthy?
How to prevent ear problems caused by malnutrition?
What effect does malnutrition have on blood pressure?
How to give deworming medicine to a malnourished patient?
What should be done to protect children from malnutrition?
Don't forget to check the patient's blood group before surgery.
If you see any reaction after the blood transfusion, inform me immediately.
Make all tests mandatory before giving blood to patients during COVID.
Patients with blood deficiency may need to be kept in ICU care.
If the patient has any problems after giving blood, give pain killers immediately.
Patients weakened by COVID should be given vitamin supplements.
The patient's liver needs to be checked before a blood transfusion.
If there is a complaint of stomach ache after a blood transfusion, inform the doctor immediately.
Patients with joint pain problems may need to have physiotherapy after blood transfusion.
The patient may need to be given antibiotics to prevent blood infection.
Don't forget to ask about allergies before giving blood to the patient.
Advise the patient to rest at home after a blood transfusion.
Also, inform patients with blood deficiency about Ayurvedic treatment.
If blood is not available in the hospital, contact the blood bank immediately.
Advise the patient to drink plenty of water after donating blood.
The patient's blood pressure must be checked before blood transfusion.
Prioritize patients who need dialysis due to lack of blood.
Call the patient immediately if they have any problems after donating blood.
Call an ambulance to bring the patient to the hospital if blood is needed.
Don't forget to get the patient's consent before donating blood.
Give the patient warm, liquid food after blood transfusion.
Manage blood in time for surgery.
Patients with blood deficiency may need to be admitted to the hospital.
Advise the patient to rest if they feel tired after donating blood.
Do not transfuse blood to the patient without blood testing.
Treat the patient immediately if any infection is seen after blood transfusion.
Provide physiotherapy to patients with muscle weakness due to blood deficiency.
Inform the patient about the importance of blood before donating blood.
The patient may need to be given oxygen immediately due to lack of blood.
Advise the patient to eat fruits and green vegetables after donating blood.
Check the patient's health condition before blood transfusion.
Advise patients with blood deficiency to eat iron-rich foods.
If the patient has any problems after donating blood, inform immediately.
If the patient has any allergies after the blood transfusion, give antihistamines.
Due to lack of blood, the patient might need to be brought to the hospital immediately.
After donating blood, advise the patient to drink plenty of fluids.
Check the patient's blood type before surgery.
Inform patients with anemia about Ayurvedic medicine.
If the patient has any infection after donating blood, give antifungal medicine.
If the patient has any problems after the blood transfusion, bring them to the hospital immediately.
Due to lack of blood, the patient might need blood immediately.
After donating blood, advise the patient to rest and reduce stress.
Check the patient's health before blood transfusion.
Give medicine to patients with anemia according to the doctor's advice.
If the patient has any problems after donating blood, contact immediately.
If the patient has any infection after the blood transfusion, treat immediately.
Due to lack of blood, the patient might need to be put in the ICU immediately.
After donating blood, advise the patient to rest and think positively.
Before the blood transfusion, give the patient detailed information about blood.
Mothers can get depression after giving birth, so we have started counseling services.
The way people view individuals with mental health issues in society needs to change.
We provide mothers with information about child nutrition and health.
People with mental health issues should be treated with respect in society.
Patience and consistency are needed in the treatment of mental illness.
People with mental health problems need family support.
Many women are suffering because they don't have information about their health.
Many women here are facing various health problems due to lack of nutritious food.
I'm trying to reduce the anxiety of an elderly patient in the ICU, but he is very agitated.
His blood pressure has increased due to constant stress, so he needs rest.
He is showing symptoms of depression, so I have already informed the psychiatrist.
After talking to family members, I found out that he had this problem before and used to take antidepressant medication.
He may also be having side effects from taking too much medicine, so he may need to be given vitamin supplements.
His heart rate is abnormal, probably due to stress.
He also has a sugar problem, so the insulin level needs to be adjusted.
Loneliness in old age also affects mental health, so mental health programs should be conducted in the community.
Did he have any accidents before? Later, symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) may appear.
Counseling services will help him calm down and solve problems.
In such a situation, family support and cooperation are essential for suicide prevention.
He needs psychosocial counseling, so I have called a psychologist.
Taking pain relievers for a long time can also cause depression.
He seems to have no interest in food due to depression, so he should be given nutritious food.
His family should be called and informed about his condition.
Mental health issues shouldn't be ignored at this age.
He should be encouraged to take his medicine regularly.
He needs to be kept in the ICU until his health condition stabilizes.
Did he use any drugs before? We need to ask about that. I suspect a substance use disorder.
Does he have symptoms of schizophrenia? It should be checked properly.
His family members need counseling, because they might also be stressed.
He should be helped to develop positive thinking.
His blood circulation should be checked to see if it's good.
His joints are hurting, so he might need physiotherapy.
He seems to have a problem in his back, so an X-ray needs to be done.
He has trouble sleeping, so he might need to be given sleeping pills.
To prevent him from feeling alone, he needs to feel that we are always with him.
Community-based mental health services should be made available for him.
He should be involved in positive activities.
He should be helped to forget bad past events.
His self-confidence should be increased.
He should be encouraged to do daily exercise.
He should be inspired to listen to music or do painting.
Support from family and friends should be gathered for him.
He should be encouraged to express his feelings.
We should motivate him to always stay optimistic.
We should make him understand the importance of life.
We should give him a helpline number for suicide prevention.
We should teach him to seek help when he needs it.
We should assure him that we are always ready to help solve his problems.
We should make him mentally strong.
We should help him to come out of depression.
We should teach him how to manage stress.
We should help him develop positive thinking.
We should inspire him to find happiness in life.
We should teach him to take care of himself.
We should motivate him to take care of his health.
He might be depressed due to health problems and loneliness in old age, so counseling is necessary.
Father used to say, "It's better to prevent illness than to get cured by taking medicine, so regular health check-ups should be done.
Getting an eye check-up at a health camp in the village is much easier than going to a hospital in the city.
It's much better for a son to have a habit of washing hands regularly than going to the hospital once a month with a stomach ache.
Permanent sterilization is much more complicated than using temporary family planning methods.
It is wise to get a chest X-ray and check the lungs before the asthma problem worsens.
Getting an eye check-up at the health camp in the village this time was much cheaper than going to the capital and paying expensive fees.
Nowadays, it is much safer to do home remedies for children as soon as they get a cough than taking them to the hospital.
Get your blood pressure checked on time, it's better than running to the hospital after a heart attack.
Drinking boiled water during the rainy season is more essential for health than drinking it other times.
Do a biopsy if you suspect cancer, it's better than hiding the disease.
Give your daughter paracetamol when she has a fever, it's safer than giving random antibiotics.
Exercising regularly as the doctor says is much more beneficial than ruining your body by taking random medicines.
Getting regular health checkups is cheaper than getting treatment after getting sick.
Getting treatment at a government hospital is better than paying high fees at a private clinic.
Curing the disease by changing your lifestyle is a better way than always taking medicine.
It is wiser to go to the health post and get information about family planning than to listen to the wrong advice of friends.
When there is a health camp in the village, women find it much easier to get a uterine examination than going to the city.
Paying attention to hand hygiene during festivals is more important than at other times.
Installing a water purification filter at home is much more economical than buying water from the market every time.
Getting your eyes screened once a year is much better than wearing glasses after your eyes get weak.
If you suspect diabetes, get a blood test immediately, it is better than making the disease worse and getting into trouble.
Treating cancer in the early stages is better than regretting it after it reaches the final stage.
Preventing disease is much easier than treating it after you get sick, so regular health checkups are necessary.
Getting vaccinated is a good way to prevent disease, it is much easier than getting sick and going to the hospital.
Getting regular health checkups means identifying and curing the disease early, it is more beneficial than treating it after it has progressed.
Getting regular health checkups for the elderly is much better than them being bedridden by disease.
Using mosquito nets to prevent malaria is safer than taking random medicines and weakening the body.
Boiling water and drinking it is the easiest way to avoid waterborne diseases, it's way better than running to the hospital all the time when you're sick.
Using sunscreen to protect your skin in the hot sun is much wiser than regretting it after getting skin cancer.
Doing yoga and meditation regularly is more beneficial than having increased mental stress and taking medicine for depression.
Eating nutritious food is much better than eating junk food and getting a stomach ache.
Getting your eyes checked from time to time is better than having weak eyesight and wearing glasses.
Getting checked when a health camp comes to your village is easier than going to the city and standing in line.
Measuring your blood pressure regularly is very important to avoid the risk of heart attack, it is much easier than going to the hospital.
Getting screened regularly to reduce the risk of cancer is better than getting treatment in the final stage.
Adopting a healthy lifestyle is better than taking medicine haphazardly and weakening the body.
Paying attention to hand hygiene is an easy way to avoid germ infections, it's way better than getting sick and running to the hospital all the time.
Drinking safe water is the best way to avoid diarrhea, it is much more beneficial than going to the hospital all the time.
Protecting your skin when working in the sun for a long time is very important than getting skin disease and getting treatment.
Not smoking and drinking alcohol is the best way to avoid the risk of cancer, it is much more beneficial than getting cancer and getting treatment.
Using family planning methods is the best way to avoid unwanted pregnancies, it is much better than giving birth and not being able to raise a child.
Exercising regularly is the best way to avoid obesity, it is much more beneficial than getting sick due to obesity and going to the hospital all the time.
Taking the services available at the health camp in the village is much cheaper than paying expensive fees in the city.
Boiling water and drinking it is always good, but it is mandatory during the rainy season, it is better than not caring at other times.
Wearing a mask when using pesticides while working in the field is better than going to the hospital with breathing problems.
Getting vaccinated on time is much better than getting sick and bedridden, so never forget to get vaccinated.
Vaccinating children on time is much easier than going to the hospital after getting sick, the health post is always open.
Brushing your teeth regularly is way better than getting cavities, so brush twice a day.
Giving your eyes a rest from your phone is better than using it for too long, it's more useful than getting glasses.
Getting your blood pressure checked regularly is safer than getting paralysis from high blood pressure.
This rash is way itchier than the rashes I get when I have a fever.
This chest pain is different than the chest pain I get when I cough.
This headache is way more unbearable than the headaches I used to get.
I feel less nauseous after taking this medicine than before.
I used to feel tired before too, but this tiredness is way worse than before.
I had swelling problems before, but it's gotten much worse now.
I used to bleed a little, but now I'm bleeding a lot.
I had trouble breathing before, but it's even harder now.
Doctor, this skin allergy is spreading more than before.
It's normal to feel weak when you have a fever, but I'm extra weak this time.
My headaches used to go away quickly, but now it's constant.
I used to throw up before too, but now I don't even feel like drinking water.
It's normal for your chest to hurt when you cough, but it hurts a lot this time.
I had fatigue problems before, but now it's hard to even get out of bed.
The swelling used to get better with home remedies, but now I have to come to the hospital.
The bleeding problem was normal before, but now I'm bleeding a lot.
I used to have a little trouble breathing, but now it's very difficult.
I used to get rashes before, but now it's so itchy.
I used to get fever before too, but this time my body feels so weak.
I used to get headaches before, but now it's unbearable.
I used to feel nauseous before, but now I feel it just by looking at food.
I used to cough before, but now it's hard to sleep at night.
I used to feel tired before, but now I don't even feel like working.
I had swelling problems before, but now my hands and feet are completely swollen.
I used to bleed a little before, but now I'm bleeding a lot.
I used to have trouble breathing before, but now it's hard to even talk.
I used to get skin rashes before, but now it's spread a lot.
It's normal to have a headache with a fever, but this time the pain is different than before.
The tiredness I feel now makes it much harder to work than before.
The fever used to go away in 2-3 days, but now it doesn't seem to want to go away.
The cough I had before was normal, but now the doctor needs to check it.
The skin rash used to be small, but now it's getting bigger.
I used to feel nauseous sometimes, but now I feel it constantly.
The bleeding problem was minor before, but now I've lost a lot of blood and feel weak.
The swelling problem used to be in one place, but now my whole body is swollen.
I used to have a little trouble breathing, but now I had to come to the hospital.
The rash used to be light red, but now it's very red.
Doctor, this fever is worse than the last one.
This headache is making it harder to work than the last one.
This vomiting is worse than before.
This cough is making it harder to sleep at night than the last one.
This tiredness is making it hard to do housework, unlike before.
The swelling problem is much worse than before.
The bleeding problem is more serious than before.
This breathing problem is bothering me more than before.
The skin rash was small before, but now it's big and itchy.
Doctor, this fever is very different from the previous one, and it's hard to get better.
This headache is unbearable compared to before, please tell me how to reduce the pain.
The problem of difficulty breathing has increased compared to before, what should I do?
When rashes appeared before, they would heal with home remedies, now I have to come to the hospital.
I brought my son here for counseling because he is extremely scared.
My husband has had depression problems since the accident.
I am worried because my daughter is always stressed.
Are there any programs for suicide prevention in the village?
Is community mental health service available in this hospital?
Can I find out about vitamin supplements by doing a blood test?
I am very sad to learn that my son is using drugs.
What kind of psychotherapy method should I use to reduce mental stress?
The doctor prescribed antidepressant medicine for my mother.
Many patients come here because of depression.
What should I do if I have suicidal thoughts?
There is a need for a community mental health program in this area.
I have stomach pain after taking iron tablets, what should I do?
His behavior has changed a lot due to drug use.
Will counseling help reduce my son's stress?
Mental problems have appeared after taking antiretroviral medicine.
He has a lot of depression, so he can't concentrate on work.
How to help someone who has attempted suicide?
How to contact a community mental health worker?
The doctor advised me to take vitamin supplements.
How to rehabilitate drug users?
How much does counseling cost?
Is depression medicine available here?
Where to contact if I have suicidal thoughts?
Please provide information about community mental health services.
I have constipation because of the iron tablets, what to do?
What should I do to get rid of drug use?
How much does counseling work?
How long does depression treatment take?
What kind of measures are there for suicide prevention?
Where is the community mental health center?
How to help a friend who is using drugs?
It's a little easier to get safe abortion services in the city than in the village.
Talking openly about menstrual health is much better than staying in Chhaupadi.
This medicine reduces stomach pain, but doesn't have side effects like other painkillers.
It's better to get screened early for cervical cancer than to delay finding out.
Instead of spending a lot of money on infertility treatment, it's better to get checked in a free camp once.
If you had insurance before losing your home in a flood, you would have gotten relief.
The chance of getting pregnant increases if you don't use contraception; you're safer if you use it.
It is much safer to get safe abortion services than to have an unsafe abortion.
It is better to find the root of the problem and treat it than to just take painkillers.
Antifungal medicine cures skin infections, but it doesn't work as fast as home remedies.
It is more effective to consult a psychiatrist than to just take depression medicine.
There is a risk of STIs after unprotected sex, so it's better to get tested in time.
It is difficult to talk openly about contraception in the village, but it is easy in the city.
Regular exercise reduces joint pain, but painkillers only provide temporary relief.
Modern medicine is more effective than Ayurvedic medicine in the treatment of cervical cancer.
Unsafe abortion can be life-threatening, safe abortion reduces that risk.
If you don't maintain hygiene during menstruation, the risk of infection increases, if you do, it decreases.
It's hard to get health services when the health post is far in the village, hospitals are nearby in the city.
Before spending a lot of money on infertility treatment, it's better to get checked at a free health camp.
It's safer to take medicine according to a doctor's advice than to buy medicine randomly at a pharmacy.
Regular health check-ups increase the chance of detecting diseases, not doing them can worsen the disease.
It's good to get enough rest during menstruation, too much work can damage your health.
It's good to start treatment as soon as you see symptoms of uterine cancer, delay increases the danger.
Having an unsafe abortion is life-threatening, having a safe abortion is less so.
Painkillers reduce pain but don't cure the root of the problem, so it's best to find the root and treat it.
Not using contraception increases the chance of unwanted pregnancy, using it reduces that chance.
Getting abortion services for free is a bit easier in the city than in the village.
Many people don't know about uterine cancer, it's very good to have information.
If you have a lot of stomach pain during menstruation, it's better to see a doctor than to do home remedies.
There is less information about safe abortion services in the village, there is more in the city.
As effective as applying antifungal cream is, paying attention to hygiene is also important.
It is more beneficial to consult a psychiatrist than just taking depression medicine.
If you suspect an STI after unprotected sex, it is appropriate to get tested immediately, ignoring it will increase the problem.
Using permanent family planning methods is more hassle-free than using temporary methods.
This painkiller works faster than other medicines.
The current antibiotic doesn't work as fast as the old one.
Because it's hard to get to the hospital due to the floods, there's no option but to do first aid at home.
Treatment for post-abortion complications is better in a city hospital than in a village health post.
Not knowing about safe abortion services is a bigger problem than being uneducated.
Thinking menstrual irregularities are normal is like increasing the risk of uterine cancer.
Unsafe abortions have long-term effects on a woman's health, so safe abortion is the best option.
Not being able to talk openly about contraception promotes unsafe sex.
Getting the uterine cancer vaccine is much safer than getting treatment after getting the disease.
Not using family planning methods increases the chance of population growth, using them can control it.
Arranging a helicopter to take flood victims to the hospital is faster than an ambulance.
It's not as easy now to get the contraceptive injection as it used to be.
Since the government made safe abortion services free, the number of unsafe abortions has decreased.
Not paying attention to menstrual hygiene increases the risk of infection, paying attention keeps you healthy.
Because it's hard to get to the hospital due to the floods, there's no option but to do first aid at home, but it's important to get doctor's advice.
What kind of nutrition does a pregnant woman need in the post-earthquake situation, doctor?
Is it possible to get some advice about family planning?
What to do to cure a child's ear problem?
My father used to say, "You have to take high blood pressure medicine regularly, otherwise it will be difficult.
My mother's diabetes has increased and her legs are swollen, what will the doctor say?
How much does cancer treatment cost in the hospital, we have a lot of debt.
Grandfather is having trouble with asthma, it's even harder in this weather.
My wife has been diagnosed with thyroid issues, and there's not much improvement even with medication.
My son has joint pain, the doctor said to check if it's rheumatism.
My daughter-in-law doesn't feel like eating due to liver problems, she's getting weaker every day.
Doctor, my mother has kidney problems, does she need dialysis?
Many people in the village are having breathing problems, it might be because of pollution.
My husband has heart disease, so he needs a lot of rest.
The doctor advised my daughter to take vitamin supplements.
Father has a fever, it didn't get better even after taking paracetamol.
My daughter was reminding me to complete the course of antibiotics the doctor prescribed.
My grandson's asthma has worsened, so he needs an inhaler.
Mother is having a hard time controlling her diabetes, she might have to quit sweets.
It's annoying to stand in line to get high blood pressure checked at the hospital.
I'm worried about what to do now that the kidney problem is getting complicated.
I'm scared of what the doctor will say after looking at the liver report.
If the thyroid medicine doesn't work, should I start another medicine?
Rheumatism treatment seems to take a long time, how will I manage the expenses?
Grandfather can't even sleep at night because of asthma, it's very difficult.
My father has become very weak due to COPD, he can't even walk.
It seems you have to change your lifestyle after getting heart disease.
Because cancer treatment is expensive, many patients drop out in the middle.
After finding out Dad has diabetes, everyone in the family is worried.
I heard ignoring high blood pressure can be fatal, so I get regular checkups.
The doctor said we should drink lots of water to avoid kidney problems.
After learning we should eat less oily food for liver protection, we started paying attention to our diet.
Thyroid medicine should be taken on time, otherwise the problem gets worse.
My mom needs to do physiotherapy to reduce her joint pain.
Asthma patients should be protected from dust and smoke, otherwise they have difficulty breathing.
COPD treatment costs a lot, but we are ready to spend if it makes the patient comfortable.
Heart patients should be kept away from stress, we are trying to create a peaceful environment at home.
After hearing that cancer can be cured if detected early, we have started getting regular checkups.
My wife is lazy to take diabetes medicine, but I force her to take it.
After taking high blood pressure medicine, Dad's dizziness problem has reduced.
The doctor taught us that kidney patients should eat food with low protein.
After learning that people with liver problems should not drink alcohol, my son quit drinking.
It seems that it costs a lot to get a thyroid test, but nothing is bigger than health.
My mother is very bothered by rheumatism, she even has difficulty sleeping at night.
The doctor said to use an inhaler after asthma worsens.
Because of COPD, Dad has to be given oxygen at home.
After getting heart disease, the doctor advised him to walk a lot.
Cancer treatment has a lot of side effects, but patients should be encouraged.
Dad has a wound on his leg because of diabetes, it seems it will take a long time to heal.
High blood pressure medicine should always be taken, otherwise there is a risk of stroke.
To avoid kidney problems, salt should be eaten less, we have reduced the amount of salt in our food.
A friend said that this vitamin supplement is good for the liver.
The doctor said the thyroid medicine should be increased, the old medicine didn't work.
My mother has back pain because of arthritis, so she needs rest.
Maybe because of the fever, my legs are tingling, it's very difficult!
I am very annoyed by the headache, and my hands also feel numb.
I feel like vomiting, and my body is also shivering and feels numb.
I have had a cough for a long time, now my hands have also started tingling, what could be the matter?
Doctor, my father is feeling weak and says his hands and feet feel numb.
I can't even feel it when I touch the swollen area, why could this be happening?
I have a rash on my body, and my fingers also feel numb.
I am having difficulty breathing and my fingers also feel numb.
Dad's leg became numb and it's difficult to walk, he needs to be taken to the hospital immediately.
I have a heavy chest from constant coughing, and my hands also feel numb.
The fever hasn't gone down, but rather my hands and feet feel even more numb.
My head hurts and my eyes are blurred, and my hands also feel numb.
My sister feels nauseous and says her hands and feet also feel numb.
My son's been vomiting, feels weak, and says his fingers feel numb.
This cough is really bad, and my hands feel kind of numb too.
I'm so weak I can barely get up, and my legs feel numb.
My body's swollen, and I can't feel anything when I touch it. What could it be?
The bleeding won't stop, and my arms and legs feel numb.
I have a rash all over my body that's itchy, and my fingers feel numb.
He's struggling to breathe, and he says his fingers feel numb.
Maybe it's the fever, but my joints ache and my hands feel numb.
My head hurts so bad I can't stand it, and my hands feel numb.
I feel nauseous and don't want to eat anything, and my arms and legs feel numb.
I'm weak from vomiting, and my legs feel numb.
This cough is driving me crazy, I can't sleep at night, and my hands feel numb.
I'm so weak I can barely talk, and my legs feel numb.
I can't feel anything in this swollen area, Doctor, what could it be?
I feel weak from the blood loss, and my arms and legs feel numb.
This rash is getting worse and worse, and my fingers feel numb.
I'm having so much trouble breathing, I feel like I'm going to die, and he says his fingers feel numb.
The fever doesn't seem to be going down, and my arms and legs are tingling.
Please give me something for the headache, my hands feel numb.
I feel sick to my stomach, and my legs feel numb.
Give me some anti-vomiting medicine, Doctor. My body feels weak, and my fingers feel numb.
The cough medicine didn't help, and my hands feel numb.
I don't feel like working because of the tiredness, and my legs feel numb.
I'm really scared because I can't feel anything when I touch this swollen part.
What medicine should I put on a bleeding wound? My hands and feet also feel numb.
Give me some ointment for this rash; my fingers also feel like they're going numb.
What medicine should I use when it's hard to breathe? My fingers also feel numb.
Which tablet is good for reducing headaches? My hands also feel numb.
Are there any home remedies to stop nausea? My legs feel numb.
Could I be dehydrated from vomiting so much, Doctor? My fingers also feel numb.
What foods should I avoid to cure a cough? My hands also feel numb.
What should I do to get rid of weakness? My legs feel numb.
What should I apply to the swollen area for relief?
What should I do to stop the bleeding? My hands and feet also feel numb.
Are there any home remedies for this rash? My fingers also feel like they're going numb.
What should I do when it's hard to breathe, Doctor? My fingers also feel numb.
We might need to do an ultrasound right away to find out why your stomach hurts.
It looks like we need to do an X-ray to find out what's causing your joint pain.
If the chest pain gets worse, we need to do an ECG right away.
If there's any suspicion, it's a good idea to get an X-ray to check the condition of your lungs.
To find kidney problems, you might need to do an ultrasound.
Let's do an X-ray for the bone and joint pain.
To know the condition of the uterus, you have to do an ultrasound.
If you have trouble breathing, you need to do a chest X-ray.
If the stomach pain doesn't get better, you should do an ultrasound.
If the heartbeat is irregular, you need to do an ECG.
If it feels like there's water in your stomach, it looks like you need to do an ultrasound.
To find the cause of the stomach pain, we need to do an ultrasound.
If it's hard to breathe, you need to check the lungs with an X-ray.
If there's a problem with the uterus, you should do an ultrasound.
If there's a problem with the heartbeat, get an ECG.
If you're having a hard time with stomach pain, you might need to do an ultrasound.
To reduce bone and joint pain, you might need to do an X-ray.
For uterus problems, you might need to do an ultrasound.
If there's a problem in the chest, you might need to do an X-ray.
For stomach pain, you might need to do an ultrasound.
To find heart problems, you might need to do an ECG.
To find stomach problems, you might need to do an ultrasound.
For kidney problems, you might need to do an ultrasound.
Let's do an X-ray and see what's going on.
Let's do an X-ray to check the lungs.
Pregnant women really need iron pills and vitamin supplements during this time after the earthquake.
Many women in the maternity ward are showing high blood pressure problems.
The patients coming here need painkillers, and the stock is not enough.
It's difficult to get medicine to TB patients in this difficult situation.
Because the earthquake has contaminated water sources in many places, there may be an increased risk of cholera.
If postpartum mothers have fever problems, they should be tested for malaria.
Dengue infections are also starting to appear in women here, so be careful.
Patients who cannot come to the hospital due to the earthquake need to have medicine delivered to their homes. Special attention should be given to diabetic patients.
It is necessary to vaccinate pregnant women to protect them from typhoid.
There is a risk of hepatitis infection spreading in the earthquake-affected area, so pay attention to hygiene.
Children are likely to have weak bones due to malnutrition, so vitamin D should be given.
Many mothers have depression problems due to mental stress after the earthquake, and antidepressant medication may be needed.
Many pregnant women here have anemia, so the amount of iron needs to be increased.
The pressure of patients in the hospital has increased due to the earthquake, and there are problems with medicine distribution.
The risk of infection is high in the maternity ward, so take precautions to avoid COVID-19.
Water purification medicine needs to be distributed because there is a fear of leptospirosis.
Many people have increased dental problems due to the earthquake, so pay attention to oral hygiene.
Pregnant women should be advised to take high blood pressure medicine regularly.
It should be checked whether the patients coming here need antiretroviral medicine.
Lack of vitamin supplements affects both pregnant women and infants.
The earthquake has made many people mentally weak, psychosocial counseling is needed.
New mothers should be advised to drink plenty of water to prevent dehydration. There is also a risk of cholera spreading.
If pregnant women get malaria, they should be treated immediately.
Due to the earthquake, many people have increased pain problems, the demand for painkillers has increased.
If a tuberculosis patient is found in the maternity ward, they should be isolated immediately.
Since the risk of dengue is high here, advise people to use mosquito nets.
Due to the earthquake, many people have been infected with typhoid, advise them to boil water before drinking.
To avoid hepatitis, special attention should be paid to hygiene.
Due to the earthquake, many people have increased joint problems, they need calcium.
Family support and cooperation are needed to protect new mothers from depression.
The distribution of vitamin supplements needs to be organized.
Due to the earthquake, many people have increased mental health problems, ways to calm the mind should be adopted.
Regular check-ups should be done to control high blood pressure during pregnancy.
Precautions should be taken to prevent the spread of COVID-19 infection in the maternity ward.
Advise people not to walk in dirty water to avoid leptospirosis.
Advise people to use fluoride toothpaste for dental protection.
Due to the earthquake, many people have increased diabetes problems, pay attention to your diet.
New mothers should be informed about antidepressant medication.
Information about the correct dosage of vitamin supplements should be provided.
Because of the earthquake, many people have weak memory, play games that keep the brain active.
Pregnant women should have regular checkups to protect them from the risk of high blood pressure.
Precautions should be taken to prevent the spread of tuberculosis infection in the maternity ward.
Advise to wear long-sleeved clothes to avoid dengue.
Advise to eat food well cooked to avoid typhoid.
Advise to get vaccinated to avoid hepatitis.
Advise to eat calcium-rich foods to strengthen bones.
Advise to think positively to avoid depression.
Information about the side effects of vitamin supplements should be provided.
Due to the earthquake, many people have increased hearing problems, advise them to get their ears checked.
Pregnant women should be advised to eat less sweets to protect them from the risk of diabetes.
It is very difficult to quit alcohol addiction in the post-flood period, but it is not impossible if you have the will.
Compared to the effect of smoking on the skin, alcohol damages the liver more.
Mental counseling helps more to get out of addiction than physical exercise in a rehabilitation center.
Although alcohol consumption seems to give immediate pleasure, it has a long-term effect on the brain, which is very fatal.
It is better to use paracetamol to reduce normal pain, but excessive use of drugs has a negative effect on the liver.
Among the patients who come to the rehabilitation center, women need more psychological support than men.
Tobacco consumption affects the lungs more than the teeth.
It is as difficult to get rid of addiction to drugs like marijuana as it is to get rid of alcohol addiction.
It is natural for displaced people to have mental problems after a flood, but drug addiction can be prevented by consulting a psychiatrist in time.
For diabetic patients, using insulin regularly is more important than controlling high blood pressure.
Instead of taking paracetamol for pain, it's better to find the cause of the pain and treat it.
Alcohol consumption is as likely to damage the liver as eating too much fatty food.
Focusing on counseling at a rehab center is more effective than taking medicine.
Getting treatment at a de-addiction center is safer than staying at home because there's 24/7 monitoring.
Even though alcohol makes people excited immediately, its effect on the brain is long-term.
Drug use not only weakens memory, but it also degrades the ability to make decisions.
In the post-flood situation, focusing on sanitation is more important than using diarrhea medicine (antibiotics).
Meditating at a rehab center helps calm the mind more than doing yoga.
Family support is as important as the environment of a de-addiction center to get rid of drug addiction.
Compared to the effect of alcohol on the liver, cigarettes affect the lungs much faster.
Even though iron tablets help increase the amount of iron in the blood, they can cause constipation problems.
It's okay to take paracetamol for a normal headache, but if it continues, it's better to consult a doctor.
In flood-affected areas, it is necessary to emphasize sanitation rather than distributing antibiotic medicine to prevent the spread of cholera.
Giving counseling to patients at a de-addiction center has a more positive effect than playing songs for them.
People who smoke a lot are more likely to get lung cancer than people who drink a lot.
Family love and support is as important as doctor's consultation in the treatment of drug addiction.
It is safer to go to a de-addiction center than to use home remedies to get rid of alcohol addiction.
Developing a positive attitude at a rehab center is more important than removing negative thoughts.
Alcohol makes people weak, but drugs make them weak even faster.
Just like regular exercise is important for a healthy body, it's also important to rest your brain.
Drugs mess up your memory way faster than alcohol does.
You can't get as much peace from anything else as you get from meditation and yoga in rehab.
Counseling works better than medicine for drug addiction treatment.
Cigarettes cause breathing problems faster than alcohol does.
It's better to get patients involved in sports at the de-addiction center than to let them be alone.
It's better to wash skin problems with clean water after a flood than to use antibiotics.
Alcohol slowly damages the liver, but poison affects it immediately.
Just like positive thinking is important to get out of drug addiction, so is family support.
Staying in a rehab center is much safer and more effective than staying home alone.
People who drink alcohol are more likely to have liver problems than people who smoke.
Even though alcohol makes people feel happy for a short time, it has a lot of negative long-term effects.
Telling inspiring stories to patients at the de-addiction center is more effective than lecturing them.
Just like family support is important in drug addiction treatment, so is the help of friends.
It is more important to eat a balanced diet than to take iron tablets in the post-flood period.
It's better to take a person addicted to alcohol to a rehab center for treatment than to just advise them.
Cigarettes affect the lungs, but alcohol affects the liver even more.
Providing psychosocial counseling to patients at the de-addiction center is more effective than giving medicine.
Even though drugs give instant pleasure, they damage the brain in the long run.
Quitting smoking is just as hard as getting rid of alcohol addiction.
Paracetamol helps with fever, but rest helps even more.
If your hearing is getting weak, get it checked right away, otherwise it can be hard to talk to people and increase the risk of dementia.
In old age, bones become weak and there is a risk of osteoporosis, so eat plenty of calcium-rich foods.
Weak hearing increases the risk of falls, so be careful when walking at home, and use a walker if needed.
It is difficult to care for elderly people with dementia, be patient and listen to them carefully.
It is normal to have hearing loss as you get older, but ignoring it can lead to loneliness in social life.
Excessive use of painkillers for chronic pain can negatively affect hearing, so do not take them without a doctor's advice.
Weak eyesight can also affect hearing, so get regular eye check-ups.
Taking antihypertensive medicine to control high blood pressure can affect hearing, talk to your doctor about this.
Excessive intake of iron tablets can negatively affect hearing, so take them only as directed by your doctor.
Elderly people with weak hearing are at risk of falling if left alone, so always be with them.
As you get older, hearing weakens and teeth also weaken, so pay special attention to oral hygiene.
If elderly people in the village have hearing problems, take them to the health post for examination.
If hearing problems are not addressed in time, it can have a negative effect on the brain.
Patients with hearing problems are more likely to develop dementia, so get treatment in time.
Patients with osteoporosis are at risk of falling, so be careful when walking at home.
If there is an elderly person in the house, have their hearing checked regularly.
Hearing loss in old age can cause problems in daily life, so get treatment in time.
The habit of watching TV loudly can cause further problems for elderly people with weak hearing.
Some people don't understand when their hearing is weak, so speak clearly when talking to them.
If someone in your family has hearing problems, they might need psychosocial support.
Antidepressants can have negative effects on elderly people with weak hearing, so only give them with doctor's advice.
As you get older, hearing decreases and eyesight weakens, increasing the risk of accidents.
Weak hearing can make it difficult to speak, so get it treated on time.
If someone has a hearing problem, don't talk to them loudly, talk patiently.
If hearing weakens in old age, it can be difficult to maintain social relationships, so the family should pay special attention.
Regular use of painkillers can weaken hearing, so don't take them without a doctor's advice.
Weak hearing increases the risk of dementia, so get it checked on time.
High blood pressure medicine can affect hearing, so get regular check-ups.
Excessive use of iron pills can cause hearing problems, consult a doctor.
Elderly people with weak hearing are at risk of falling if left alone at home, always be with them.
Dental problems can also affect hearing, so pay attention to oral hygiene.
Ignoring hearing problems can affect the brain, get treatment immediately.
Get your hearing checked regularly to avoid the risk of dementia.
Patients with osteoporosis are at risk of falling, so be careful when walking.
If you have an elderly person in your family, get their hearing checked regularly.
Hearing loss in old age can cause problems in daily life, get treatment on time.
Habit of watching TV at loud volume can cause further problems with hearing, reduce it.
Don't talk harshly to elderly people because they don't understand, talk patiently.
A person with hearing problems in the family may need psychosocial support, take care.
Antidepressant medicines can negatively affect hearing, only give it with doctor's advice.
When eyesight is weak, the risk of accidents increases, so pay attention to hearing.
If it's hard to speak, get your hearing checked, it could be the cause of the problem.
Don't talk loudly, speak patiently, it can be difficult for people with weak hearing.
Social relationships can be difficult, so families should pay special attention to elderly people with weak hearing.
Regular use of painkillers can weaken hearing, don't take them without doctor's advice.
High blood pressure medicine can affect hearing, get regular check-ups and inform the doctor.
If you hear less, it could be an early sign of dementia, see a doctor immediately.
Due to the lack of easy availability of medicines in villages, indiscriminate use of pain relievers can affect hearing.
Due to weak hearing, elderly people may feel isolated from society, so give them love and support.
Elderly people with poor memory may have more difficulty if they have hearing problems, so pay special attention to their care.
Patients who need blood transfusions in the maternity ward are not being given iron tablets regularly, who is going to pay attention to this?
There are complaints here that women who have had surgery are not getting enough care.
Many people come with stomach pain problems, but there is no provision for Ayurvedic treatment here.
Many women keep talking about toothache after giving birth, but we can't do anything.
It is a problem that this hospital does not have the ICU facility needed for newborns.
Many people had side effects after the blood transfusion, no one cared why this happened.
Pregnant women are not given enough information about the problems caused by iron deficiency.
It is difficult to get blood immediately when those who come in labor need it.
There is a complaint here that the food given to postpartum mothers lacks nutrition.
Some women say their vision is blurry, but there's no equipment to check.
It's really difficult when there's no physiotherapy available for those with physical problems after giving birth.
Many new mothers might lose their lives due to lack of blood.
Many patients are scared here because they fear getting infections when getting blood transfusions.
There are complaints that the necessary tests before blood transfusions are not sufficient.
Some people can't get the treatment they want because Ayurvedic medicine isn't available here.
There's a problem because people aren't getting treatment on time due to poor blood management.
Some people have complained about the needles used for blood transfusions.
There's a problem here because there aren't enough necessary equipment and specialists for heart patients.
There aren't enough medicines that new mothers need after returning home.
There's no chemotherapy facility in this place for blood cancer patients.
The rule of taking the patient's consent before a blood transfusion isn't being followed.
Kidney patients have a lot of problems because there's no dialysis service here.
Many women need iron tablets after giving birth due to physical weakness, but there's a shortage.
Information isn't given about the precautions to take to avoid infections after blood transfusions.
Some people have complained that Ayurvedic treatment isn't effective.
Patients aren't getting good care because there aren't enough nursing staff in the maternity ward.
The obligation to stand in line for blood transfusions is causing more pain to patients.
The program to encourage pregnant women to take iron tablets regularly hasn't been effective.
The equipment needed for blood transfusions isn't always available here.
It's a problem when essential medicines to stop postpartum bleeding aren't always available.
Some people complained about not getting pain medication during blood transfusions.
Cancer patients have problems because this hospital doesn't have radiotherapy.
There are complaints that patients aren't properly checked before blood transfusions.
Critical patients are having problems because the ICU doesn't have enough ventilators.
Patients coming for blood transfusions lack a place to sit.
Some women worry about their belly getting bigger after childbirth, but we don't have physiotherapy.
There are complaints that blood transfusions are too expensive here.
Not enough precautions are taken to protect both the mother and baby from infection.
Diabetic patients complain about a lack of insulin after childbirth.
The equipment needed for blood transfusions here is old, increasing the risk.
Some complain that allopathic treatment is expensive, but there's no other option.
The procedure for blood transfusions starts without giving the patient enough information.
There's no oral rehydration available for patients with mouth sores here.
Many women get anemia after childbirth, but it's hard to get iron tablets.
Patients needing surgery have to wait a long time here due to a lack of blood.
Some have questioned the quality of the kits used during blood transfusions.
The rituals that should be done according to religious traditions before blood transfusions aren't fulfilled here.
Some postpartum women have had to undergo dialysis due to a lack of blood.
It seems TB patients need special attention in this post-flood rehabilitation center.
We advise those with high blood pressure to get regular checkups.
There are many patients here with kidney problems due to diabetes.
Dengue outbreak is increasing in this place, so it's important to be careful.
Pay special attention to hygiene to avoid diarrhea and cholera.
We suggest those infected with hepatitis to rest and pay attention to their diet.
To avoid leptospirosis infection, drink water only after boiling it.
Malaria patients are continuing to receive treatment at the rehabilitation center.
Kidney problems are starting to appear in those who have recovered from COVID-19.
To avoid typhoid infection, eat food cooked thoroughly.
Most patients have refused to get blood tests.
We advise those with liver problems not to eat fatty foods.
To reduce bone pain, you should take medicine regularly.
Diabetic patients should get their blood sugar levels checked regularly.
Patients with high blood pressure should reduce their salt intake.
If you don't take tuberculosis medicine regularly, the disease can relapse.
To avoid dengue, you must protect yourself from mosquito bites.
It is necessary to get vaccinated to avoid COVID-19 infection.
If typhoid is not treated on time, complications can arise.
To avoid cholera, the source of drinking water must be kept clean.
If you suspect leptospirosis, get a health checkup immediately.
If you start malaria treatment on time, you'll get better.
You can find out about the condition of your kidneys by doing a blood test.
To improve liver function, you should adopt a healthy lifestyle.
Positive thinking is necessary to keep mental health good.
You should exercise regularly to control high blood pressure.
Diabetes patients should eat less sweet food.
You must complete the treatment for tuberculosis, otherwise the disease may relapse.
The risk of cholera spreading in many places has increased due to the flood.
Due to Covid, many people have had respiratory problems.
Having a high fever can be a symptom of typhoid.
Hepatitis can seriously affect the liver.
Leptospirosis can cause kidney damage.
Use a mosquito net to avoid malaria.
If there is a blood infection, it should be treated immediately.
Taking iron tablets can cause stomach pain.
You must know how to use an inhaler correctly.
Antiretroviral drugs increase immunity.
The flood has made it difficult for tuberculosis patients to get medicine.
To avoid dengue, do not allow water to accumulate around the house.
Many patients who have come to the rehabilitation center have been found to have high blood pressure.
The dirty water after the flood has increased the risk of leptospirosis.
Mosquito nets have been distributed to malaria patients.
Kids who got vaccinated have way better immunity than those who didn't.
Kids who get regular growth monitoring show better health than those with malnutrition.
Giving paracetamol to kids with fever helps them recover faster than not giving it.
Those who don't get vaccinated have a higher risk of infection than those who get vaccinated on time.
Infant mortality is lower in families who take care of newborns compared to families who don't.
Children who eat nutritious food on time have a lower risk of malnutrition than those who don't.
Children who get regular health check-ups have better physical development than those who don't.
It's much easier to get vaccinated at a community health clinic than at a hospital.
Giving vitamin supplements to malnourished kids is more beneficial than not giving it.
Children who don't get treatment are more likely to have complications than children who get treatment on time.
Children who get regular vaccinations have stronger immunity than those who don't.
Malnourished children treated at a nutrition rehabilitation center recover faster than children cared for only at home.
Children who have their birth registered on time are more likely to get facilities in the future than those who don't.
If pregnant mothers eat iron tablets, the baby is less likely to have anemia than if they don't.
Mothers who regularly weigh their children are more likely to identify growth problems early than those who don't.
Newborns wrapped in warm clothes immediately after birth have a lower risk of hypothermia than those who are not wrapped.
Babies of breastfeeding mothers have less diarrhea infection than babies of non-breastfeeding mothers.
Giving children Vitamin A from time to time is better for their eye health than not giving it.
Kids who wash their hands with soap and water regularly get less diarrhea than those who don't.
Kids whose parents follow the advice of the child health volunteer are more likely to be healthy than others.
The services you get at a government health post are cheaper than at a private clinic.
Going to the health post for a checkup is much safer than doing home remedies in the village.
It's better to give nutritious food on time than to have kids' physical development be weak because of malnutrition.
Kids who get vaccinated on time can be protected from many diseases in the future, compared to kids who don't.
Getting free vaccine service at the community health center is much easier than having to pay at a private one.
Children who have regular health checkups get diseases identified faster than those who don't.
The service that child health workers give in the village is easier than at the hospital.
Kids who get vaccinated on time have stronger immunity than those who don't, so getting vaccinated is important.
Using homemade food to treat malnutrition is better than using packaged food.
Giving paracetamol to a child with a fever is more effective than applying oil.
Mothers who weigh their children regularly are more likely to know about their child's growth and development than those who don't.
Keeping a newborn warm is more important than protecting them from infection.
It's more important for breastfeeding mothers to pay attention to their nutrition than those who don't breastfeed.
Giving deworming medicine is more important than reducing stomach pain problems.
Giving birth in a hospital is safer than giving birth at home.
A child who gets regular vaccinations has more ability to fight disease than one who doesn't.
Mothers who get regular growth monitoring have more information about their child's health than those who don't.
Giving vitamin supplements to malnourished children is more beneficial than just feeding them food.
It's easier to get a newborn checked at a community health clinic than at a private one.
Giving paracetamol to kids with fever is more effective than home remedies.
Kids who get treatment on time recover faster than those who get it late.
Vaccinating children is much better than treating them after they get sick.
Going to the regular health post is more effective than running health camps in the village.
It's important to regularly feed nutritious food to protect children from diseases caused by malnutrition, rather than just giving medicine.
Many children have anemia due to malnutrition, which is affecting their physical development.
Due to vitamin deficiency, many people in the village have reduced immunity.
Pregnant women should be made aware of the risks of iron deficiency.
The problem of goiter due to iodine deficiency is still prevalent in the hilly regions.
A balanced diet is necessary for the good physical development of children.
Most villagers look weak due to insufficient protein intake.
Obesity is increasing in the city these days, it needs to be controlled.
Children are having problems with weak bones due to malnutrition.
The government should bring more nutrition programs to reduce malnutrition.
Many children have become dehydrated due to diarrhea this rainy season, they should be given Jeevan Jal.
Due to poverty, many families are unable to feed their children a balanced diet.
Many children have anemia due to lack of nutritious food.
Various health problems appear in women due to iron deficiency.
Iodine deficiency affects the mental development of children.
It's important to raise awareness about the importance of a balanced diet.
Lack of protein can weaken the body and increase the risk of getting sick.
Obesity can lead to diseases like diabetes and high blood pressure.
Malnutrition can even affect children's kidneys.
The government is running various nutrition programs for children.
At this vaccination center, children with vitamin deficiencies are given vitamin A capsules.
Pregnant women should take iron tablets regularly.
Using iodized salt can help reduce goiter problems.
Children should definitely have green vegetables and fruits in a balanced diet.
Foods like lentils and beans are good sources of protein.
To avoid obesity, you should exercise regularly.
Malnutrition can cause back problems in children.
The government should deliver more nutrition programs to remote areas.
During this rainy season, you should pay attention to hygiene to protect children from diarrhea.
Most parents are not aware of what a balanced diet is.
Vitamin deficiency can cause problems like weak eyesight.
Iron deficiency causes women to feel tired and weak.
Iodine deficiency leads to thyroid problems.
A balanced diet should have the right amount of carbohydrates, protein, and vitamins.
Protein deficiency weakens the immune system.
Malnutrition causes problems with kids' growth.
The government should start a public awareness campaign against malnutrition.
Kids with malnutrition should be brought to community health clinics.
Vitamin deficiency causes dry skin problems.
Iron deficiency increases the risk of miscarriage in pregnant women.
Iodine deficiency can cause physical and mental problems in newborns.
To reduce obesity, you shouldn't eat junk food.
Malnourished children should be taken to a nutritional rehabilitation center immediately.
The government should encourage farmers to increase the production of nutritious food.
Vitamin deficiency also causes hair loss.
People with iron deficiency feel tired.
Iodine deficiency causes swelling of the throat.
Children should be fed protein-rich foods like eggs and fish.
Is this happening to Dad because of iron deficiency?
Grandfather's joint pain problem might be due to vitamin deficiency?
Doctor, what tests should be done to find out which vitamins he is deficient in?
Is this weakness showing because of low protein levels?
Is this happening to Dad because he's not getting a balanced diet?
Will taking iron tablets regularly reduce this problem?
Doctor, can we give him extra protein or not?
Is it normal to have iron deficiency at this age?
Could this be happening to Dad because of iodine deficiency too?
Is this happening because he has a kidney problem?
Doctor, do the medicines that Father takes affect his iron levels?
Instead of protein, can I give him some other nutritious food?
Doctor, does he need supplementary feeding or not?
Is his ear problem due to iron deficiency?
Does this happen at this age also because of obesity?
For how long should I give him iron tablets?
Doctor, does this iron deficiency affect the brain?
Does he need an iron injection?
Doctor, what other micronutrient deficiencies does he have?
Is his being so weak due to malnutrition?
What is appropriate to feed him to increase the amount of protein in his diet?
What kind of food is good to give him to fulfill the iron deficiency?
Doctor, does he have any side effects from the iron tablets?
What other problems can he have due to protein deficiency?
How to know if he's getting enough iodine in his diet?
Doctor, what should be done to protect him from malnutrition?
Is his dizziness problem due to iron deficiency?
What other effects can vitamin deficiency have on her?
What kind of diet plan should I make for a balanced diet?
Doctor, will her iron deficiency affect her kidneys?
What precautions should be taken to prevent protein deficiency?
Does the iron tablet affect high blood pressure medicine?
Is her insomnia problem due to iron deficiency?
Doctor, how do I know if she needs more protein?
Does iron deficiency affect her memory?
Is she more likely to get other diseases due to iron deficiency?
How long does it take to increase the amount of iron in her body?
Doctor, is her hair loss problem due to iron deficiency?
Is she having difficulty breathing due to protein deficiency?
Has her joint pain problem increased due to iron deficiency?
What things should be considered when taking iron tablets?
Doctor, what other problems does she have due to iron deficiency?
Has her immunity weakened due to protein deficiency?
Can she have skin problems due to iron deficiency?
Doctor, does iron deficiency affect her heart?
Does protein deficiency increase her risk of diabetes?
Is her eyesight weakened due to iron deficiency?
Doctor, will she have any other risks because of iron deficiency?
Will protein deficiency increase her risk of Alzheimer's?
Is her bone weak because of iron deficiency?
Looking at the patient's condition, should we do a CT scan for further examination?
I think they have some kidney problems, should we do a urine test?
The chest pain hasn't decreased, how's the ECG report?
Should we do an X-ray to know how deep this wound is?
Should we do a sputum test to detect the infection?
Should we do an MRI since the headache hasn't gone away?
Does the blood test report show any problems?
Since we suspect she's pregnant, should we do a pregnancy test?
Should we do a biopsy since there's a problem with the muscle?
Should we do an ultrasound to find out the cause of the stomach ache?
Can we give this patient a painkiller?
Should we give antifungal medicine to control the infection?
Let's do a blood test to see if this antiretroviral medicine is working?
Does she need antidepressant medicine?
What should we do to check the ear infection?
Should we do an X-ray to find out the bone and joint problem?
We should do a urine test to check the kidney function, right?
Should we do a sputum test to know the condition of the lungs?
Should we do a blood test to find out the blood sugar level?
Why was an abdominal ultrasound needed?
Should we do an ECG of the patient's heart?
Should we do an MRI scan of the brain?
Should we do a biopsy on suspicion of cancer?
Should we do a pregnancy test for the pregnant woman?
Should we do a sputum test because we suspect tuberculosis?
Should we give the patient pain killers?
Should we give the patient antifungal medicine?
Should we give the patient antidepressant medicine?
Should we give the patient antiretroviral medicine?
When will the patient's blood test report come?
Why was the patient's urine test done?
What was seen in the patient's X-ray report?
What is seen in the patient's ultrasound report?
What is wrong in the patient's ECG report?
What was found in the patient's MRI report?
How is the patient's CT scan report?
What was found in the patient's biopsy report?
Why was the patient's sputum test done?
What was the result of the patient's pregnancy test?
Does this painkiller work?
Will this antifungal medicine cure the infection or not?
What does this antidepressant medicine do?
Does this antiretroviral medicine cure AIDS?
Do you have to be fasting for a blood test?
Do you have to do a urine test to find out kidney problems?
Is an X-ray necessary to reduce joint pain?
Do you have to do an ultrasound to find out stomach problems?
Do you have to do an ECG to know the heartbeat?
Do you have to do an MRI to know the condition of the brain?
Do you have to do a biopsy to detect cancer?
After the earthquake, children have increased diarrhea problems, pay attention to hygiene.
After getting this vaccine, the child may get a fever, don't panic.
Malnutrition affects the child's growth and development, get regular health check-ups.
Special attention should be given to newborn care, protect them from infection.
It seems like the child has lost weight, it is better to get a growth monitoring done once.
The child may have worms in their stomach, deworming medicine should be given after six months.
If the child is not vaccinated on time, there is a risk of various diseases.
Give vitamin supplements regularly, it increases immunity.
The child's eyes look yellow, show them to a doctor immediately.
The child's chest is wheezing, it could be a symptom of pneumonia.
The child's growth isn't happening well, the doctor said some tests need to be done.
The child is getting fever repeatedly, a blood test might be needed.
This medicine helps control high blood pressure, but you have to take it regularly.
The child's ear seems infected, it might be because of an infection.
Start feeding the child on time to protect them from malnutrition.
Give the child plenty of fluids when they have diarrhea.
You shouldn't miss giving the child regular vaccinations according to the schedule.
Consult a doctor once before giving the child deworming medicine.
Keep the newborn warm, protect them from the cold.
When monitoring growth, both the child's height and weight should be measured.
Vitamin A capsules are very important for children, give it on time.
If the child has a fever, you can give paracetamol, but according to the doctor's advice.
The child has severe diarrhea and has become weak, bring them to the hospital.
If you see any problems with the child's eyes, take them to an eye hospital immediately.
The child's liver seems to have a problem, further examination is needed.
The child may have a lung infection, an X-ray may be needed.
The child's health check-up showed a risk of malnutrition, they should be taken to a nutritional rehabilitation center.
The hospital has all the necessary facilities for newborns.
Get the child's growth monitored regularly, and report immediately if you see any problems.
When the child has a fever, give plenty of liquid food.
Pus is coming from the child's ear, this could be a sign of infection.
If the child's diarrhea doesn't get better, you might have to give antibiotics.
The earthquake has affected many people's health, especially children.
Pay attention to nutritious food to improve the child's growth and development.
Regular vaccinations can protect the child from many diseases.
Keep the newborn clean to protect them from infection.
If there are any problems with the child's health, bring them to the hospital immediately.
You can also make Jeevan Jal at home when the child has diarrhea.
Make a chart of the child's height and weight and monitor it regularly.
Vitamin D deficiency also affects the child, put them in the sun.
If the child's eyesight is weak, they may need to wear glasses.
If the child has wheezing in their chest, they may need a nebulizer.
The child's liver is enlarged, further examination is needed.
The child's growth should be monitored regularly, it can prevent malnutrition.
If the child has a fever, apply a cold compress, the fever will go down.
When coming to the health camp, don't forget to bring your health report with you, it will help with your treatment.
If you don't get regular health check-ups, problems like high blood pressure may be detected late.
Not drinking safe water increases the risk of diarrhea and other stomach problems.
Not getting adult vaccines increases the risk of diseases like pneumonia, get vaccinated on time.
Not paying attention to hand hygiene can easily spread germs and make you sick.
Not controlling mosquitoes can increase the outbreak of diseases like dengue and malaria.
It is good to have regular health check-ups to avoid chronic diseases.
Not identifying and treating high blood pressure on time can affect the heart and kidneys.
Not doing regular cancer screening increases the chance of the disease recurring.
Not getting your eyes checked on time can weaken your eyesight.
Don't ignore joint pain, it can cause bigger problems later.
Using antibiotics unnecessarily can have negative effects on the body.
Not taking high blood pressure medicine regularly increases the risk of stroke.
If you have worms in your stomach and don't take deworming medicine on time, you can get malnutrition.
Don't take paracetamol unnecessarily as soon as you have a headache, consult a doctor.
When getting checked at a health camp, understand the report properly before leaving, otherwise there may be problems.
Not checking blood pressure regularly increases the risk of heart disease.
Neglecting eye exams can increase the risk of blindness.
Not taking precautions to avoid mosquito bites increases the risk of malaria.
Do not take medicine without consulting after coming to the health camp.
Not having regular health check-ups can delay disease detection and make treatment difficult.
Drinking unsafe water greatly increases the chance of getting diseases like cholera.
Not paying attention to hand hygiene increases the risk of various infections.
Delaying adult vaccinations can weaken the immune system.
Not doing regular cancer screenings makes it hard to detect the disease in early stages.
Not taking proper measures to control mosquitoes increases the risk of dengue.
Not controlling high blood pressure increases the risk of heart attack.
Not getting regular eye checkups can increase problems like cataracts.
Don't return from the health camp without getting health education.
Not drinking boiled water increases the chances of getting stomach related diseases.
Ignoring regular health checkups can worsen the disease.
Not paying attention to personal hygiene can cause skin infections.
Not using mosquito nets to avoid mosquito bites increases the risk of malaria.
Don't take medicine without a doctor's advice after coming to the health camp.
Not taking high blood pressure medicine regularly can cause complications.
Use caution when using pesticides for pest control, otherwise it can affect your health.
Being lazy about getting adult vaccinations reduces immunity.
Not getting regular eye exams can weaken your vision and cause problems in daily life.
If you have worms in your stomach, not taking medicine on time can cause anemia.
Eating food without washing your hands can cause stomach infections.
Ignoring joint pain can make it difficult to walk later.
Neglecting cancer screening can cause the disease to progress and even lead to death.
Don't use medicine without getting expert advice after coming to the health camp.
If you don't get regular health checkups, the disease can hide.
If you drink water without boiling it properly, you can get diarrhea.
If you don't clean around the house to avoid mosquitoes, the risk of disease increases.
Using antibiotic medicine without a doctor's advice can have a negative effect on your health.
If you don't check for high blood pressure, the risk of heart disease can increase.
If you don't get your eyes checked regularly, you can lose your eyesight.
If you don't use safe water, there is a risk of getting various diseases.
To avoid cholera, drink water only after boiling it, otherwise you could die.
If you suspect typhoid, get a blood test immediately, don't ignore it.
If a rabid dog bites you, get vaccinated immediately, your life may be at risk.
If you have diarrhea, drink Jeevan Jal, if you are dehydrated, serious problems can occur.
If you have a fever, only take paracetamol, painkillers can affect the kidneys.
Give newborn babies regular vitamin supplements, otherwise their immunity may be weakened.
Pay special attention to cleanliness to avoid scrub typhus, it can be deadly.
Pregnant women should not take medicine randomly, it can affect the baby.
Vaccinate your child on time, otherwise they may get various diseases.
If you have a cough, don't take medicine randomly, consult a doctor.
Fill in the puddles where water collects, it helps reduce the risk of dengue.
Avoid unsafe sex, there is a risk of getting sexually transmitted diseases.
Don't eat stale food, you might get food poisoning.
Don't eat junk food, it can cause diseases.
Wash your hands regularly, you can avoid germs.
Wash your hands with soap and water after using the toilet, you can avoid infection.
Pay attention to personal hygiene, you can avoid many diseases.
Don't eat food kept in open places like panipuri, there may be a risk of cholera.
If you have diarrhea, go to the hospital immediately, dehydration can cause serious problems.
Take precautions while working in the fields to avoid leptospirosis, germs can enter through open wounds.
To avoid hepatitis, stay away from contaminated water and food.
If you have diarrhea and vomiting after eating contaminated food, go to the nearest health post immediately.
Influenza infection may increase in this season, be careful.
If you see jaundice, get your liver checked, it could be a sign of hepatitis.
To avoid dengue, don't let water accumulate around the house, destroy the larvae.
Clean a dog bite wound thoroughly and get a rabies vaccine immediately.
Eat clean and fresh food to avoid typhoid.
To avoid cholera, drink boiled water and eat food cooked thoroughly.
If you have symptoms of influenza, rest and drink plenty of fluids.
Excessive use of painkillers can seriously affect the kidneys.
Get your pet dog vaccinated regularly to avoid rabies.
Pay special attention when eating at hotels and restaurants to avoid typhoid.
To avoid cholera, keep your drinking water source safe.
If you have joint pain, don't take painkillers without a doctor's advice.
To avoid leptospirosis, don't go to flooded areas.
My son was having a really hard time with toothache, so I brought him to the pharmacy to buy medicine.
The doctor said it's a cavity causing the pain, can you give me some medicine to reduce the pain?
My old grandpa is suffering from gum disease, is there any medicine for some relief?
I'm getting a lot of patients who need teeth pulled, do you have any strong pain medication?
Dai, give me some medicine to reduce tooth pain and keep the mouth clean, I also have bad breath.
The doctor said to pay attention to dental hygiene, which toothpaste is good?
My younger sister's teeth are decaying and look like they'll fall out early, give me some fluoride toothpaste.
It's hard to eat because of the toothache, give me some pain medicine and a soft brush.
My daughter's gums are swollen, the doctor said it's gum disease, what to do?
I couldn't sleep all night because of the toothache, is there any pain medicine available?
The doctor said I need to get my tooth pulled, but I'm scared.
My husband is very bothered by a toothache, give me some medicine to reduce the pain and provide relief.
My father's breath smells bad, what should we do for oral hygiene?
The doctor said I need a dental x-ray, do you have x-ray facilities here?
My tooth is loose and it hurts, does it need to be pulled?
My son has a cavity, but he doesn't want to go to the doctor, what should I do?
Give me a good mouthwash for dental hygiene.
The doctor said I need to get my teeth cleaned, but I'm scared.
My mom's tooth is hurting a lot, so give me some medicine for the pain and to help her sleep.
My gums are bleeding, is it gum disease or something else?
My tooth hurts and I have a headache too, what should I do?
The doctor gave me some medicine before pulling my tooth, do you have that medicine here?
I don't feel like eating because of the toothache, what should I eat?
My son's breath smells bad, he doesn't brush his teeth well, what should I do?
My teeth are very sensitive, even cold water hurts, which toothpaste should I use?
Are there any home remedies to reduce tooth pain?
The doctor said I need dental treatment, but I don't have money, what should I do?
My daughter's teeth are crooked, can they be fixed while she's still young?
My gums are swollen and red, what could be the reason?
I couldn't go to work because of the toothache, what should I do?
The doctor said I need to fill a cavity, how much will it cost?
My son doesn't brush his teeth, what should I do?
My father's tooth is loose, will it hurt when it's pulled?
What should I do for the problem of bleeding gums?
My tooth hurts and it's hurting all the way to my ear, what should I do?
The doctor said I need a dental x-ray, where should I get it done?
My daughter has a cavity, but she's afraid of the doctor, how should I take her?
Are there any other ways to clean teeth?
Mom's tooth hurts, what soft food should I give her?
My gums are bleeding, which toothpaste is good to use?
The doctor said there's a problem with the root of my tooth, what to do now?
My son eats too many sweets, that's probably why he has cavities, what to do?
Dad's teeth are very weak, what food will strengthen his teeth?
My gums are swollen and painful, what medicine will give relief?
I couldn't sleep all night because of a toothache, what to do?
The doctor said I need to get my tooth pulled, but I'm very scared.
My daughter's mouth smells bad, what should I do?
Dad's tooth is loose, but he doesn't want to get it pulled, what should I do?
My gums are bleeding, but I don't have money to see a doctor, what should I do?
It's hard to concentrate on my work because of the toothache, what should I do?
Asthma patients are having a lot of trouble because the floods prevent patients from coming to the hospital.
Because water has accumulated in many places after the floods, kidney patients are at risk of infection.
The number of patients coming to the telemedicine center to get high blood pressure medicine has increased.
Due to food problems for many because of the floods, diabetic patients need to be counseled about food.
Joint pain problems have increased among those displaced by the floods, maybe because of the cold.
News has come that thyroid medicine is running out at the telemedicine center.
Chest infections have increased in the flood-affected area, COPD patients are at risk.
Because of the flood, many people are mentally stressed, which can increase the risk of heart disease.
Cancer patients affected by the floods are having problems because their treatment is not regular.
Many people are experiencing teeth problems due to the dirty water brought by the flood.
People displaced by the floods are showing liver problems, possibly due to contaminated water.
Asthma has increased in those who lost their homes due to floods and landslides here.
Skin infections are seen in those working in stagnant water; we need to give antifungal cream.
Due to the flood, many have not been able to get medicine, especially high blood pressure patients are having problems.
Due to the increased outbreak of diarrhea in the flood-affected area, many patients with stomach problems have come.
Due to traffic jams caused by the flood, diabetic patients are in trouble because they cannot go far to get insulin.
Because many houses have been flooded due to the flood, asthma patients need to be moved to a safe place.
Joint pain has increased in the elderly trapped in the flood; we should advise them to apply warm water.
Patients who could not take thyroid medicine because they could not reach the hospital due to the flood have come.
Many people are experiencing COPD problems while cleaning flooded houses.
Heart patients are having difficulty due to not being able to pay attention to their diet due to the flood.
Due to increased mental stress caused by the flood, cancer patients are negatively affected.
Joint pain has increased in the elderly due to having to stay in the cold for many days due to the flood.
Due to the accumulation of garbage in many places due to the flood, the risk of liver infection has increased.
Here, after the flood submerged houses, many people are having difficulty breathing; we should give asthma medicine.
Due to the problem of drinking water in many places due to the flood, patients with stomach pain have increased.
Joint pain has increased in flood victims due to the increased cold; we should give pain relievers.
Because of the flood, many people haven't been able to get their thyroid medicine on time.
COPD problems have increased in those displaced by the floods, maybe because of the smoke and cold.
After the flood, many people have had increased heart pain, it might be because of stress.
Cancer patients are having problems because they can't reach the hospital for treatment.
Because the flood washed away places to brush teeth, many people are having teeth problems.
After the flood, many people are showing liver problems, maybe because of the dirty water.
Here, because of the flood, it's hard for many patients to get insulin, because the road is closed.
Because of the food shortage in many places due to the flood, diabetic patients are having problems.
Joint pain problems have increased in flood victims due to the cold, they should be given pain relief medicine.
Because they couldn't reach the hospital due to the flood, patients whose thyroid medicine ran out have come.
COPD problems have increased in those displaced by the floods, because of the cold and smoke.
The number of heart patients has increased after the flood, maybe because of worry and stress.
Because of the flood, cancer patients are having problems coming for regular treatment.
Because the flood has contaminated the water for brushing teeth, patients with teeth problems have come.
Because of the flood, it's difficult for patients with liver problems to reach the hospital.
Because of the flood, it hasn't been possible to deliver high blood pressure medicine to many patients.
Because of the flood, many people are showing stomach problems, maybe because of the contaminated water.
Because of the flood, patients with joint pain problems are having difficulty walking.
Because of the flood, patients who couldn't come to get their thyroid medicine are having a hard time.
Because of the flood, COPD patients are having difficulty breathing.
Because of the flood, heart patients are having trouble getting to the hospital.
Because of the flood, cancer patients are having problems coming for treatment.
If your cough doesn't get better and you have difficulty breathing, come to the hospital immediately.
When you have a fever, your body gets weak, so you should rest.
If you take paracetamol to reduce a headache, don't take too much without consulting a doctor.
If you feel nauseous, don't let yourself get dehydrated.
If home remedies don't work to stop vomiting, see a doctor immediately.
When you have a cough, don't drink too much cold water, it can cause further problems in your throat.
If you feel tired, rest and don't do too much work.
If you see swelling in your body, eat less salty food.
If you bleed, get first aid immediately and go to the hospital.
If you get red rashes on your skin, consult a doctor immediately.
If you have difficulty breathing, get your oxygen level checked.
If you have a persistent cough, get tested for tuberculosis.
If the fever doesn't go down, you may need to be tested for other infections.
If you have a headache along with blurred vision, get your eyes checked immediately.
Nausea along with stomach pain can be a serious problem.
If there is blood in your vomit, go to the hospital immediately.
Don't ignore chest pain caused by coughing.
If fatigue makes it difficult to do daily work, get a blood test.
If your joints are swollen, take rest and do physiotherapy.
If your gums are bleeding, see a dentist.
If you have rashes on your skin, find out the cause of the allergy.
If you have difficulty breathing, stay away from dust and smoke.
When you have a fever, eat plenty of liquid foods.
When you have a headache, get enough rest and reduce stress.
When you feel nauseous, don't stay with an empty stomach.
After vomiting, don't let your body get dehydrated.
When you have a cough, wear a mask to prevent spreading it to others.
When you feel tired, it could be a vitamin deficiency, get it checked.
When your body is swollen, reduce your salt intake.
If there is bleeding from the body, keep it clean to avoid infection.
If you have rashes on your skin, don't use anti-itch medicine.
When a child has a fever, give them the correct dose of paracetamol.
When you have a headache, reduce the use of painkillers.
When you feel nauseous, don't eat too much spicy food.
If vomiting is continuous, you may need to be hospitalized.
When you have a cough, mix honey in warm water and drink it.
When you feel tired, do regular exercise.
When your body is swollen, don't take medicine without a doctor's advice.
If blood is flowing, wash the wound with clean water.
If you have difficulty breathing, get your lungs checked.
When you have a fever, wear warm clothes.
When you have a headache, reduce the use of mobile and computer.
Don't eat immediately after vomiting.
If you have a cough for a long time, you should get a TB test.
If you feel extremely tired, take iron tablets.
If swelling appears on the body, do not use antifungal medicine.
If your gums are bleeding, pay attention to oral hygiene.
If you have eye infection problems, don't ignore it, get it checked immediately.
If cataracts keep increasing, eyesight may weaken, it is better to have surgery on time.
People with high blood pressure have an increased risk of glaucoma, get regular eye checkups.
Ignoring weak eyesight can cause more problems in the future.
If you have an eye infection, do not use medicine arbitrarily.
If diabetic patients do not have regular eye exams, the risk of blindness increases.
If refractive error is not treated in time, the eyes may weaken.
After eye surgery, do not do any work without the doctor's advice.
Using mobile phones for a long time can have a negative effect on the eyes.
Do not consider problems such as eye pain and blurred vision as normal.
If you have an eye injury, consult a doctor immediately.
If you don't take glaucoma medicine regularly, you might lose your eyesight.
Get regular check-ups to prevent eye problems from recurring.
Delaying cataract surgery can make it difficult to restore vision.
If you have an eye allergy, get it treated immediately, otherwise complications may increase.
If you see a problem in your child's eyes, don't ignore it, show it to an eye doctor right away.
If your eyesight is weak, don't use medicine yourself.
If the power of your glasses is wrong, it can cause more problems in your eyes.
If dust gets in your eyes, don't rub them, wash them with clean water.
Staying awake too much at night can affect your eyes.
Give your eyes a rest when working on the computer a lot, otherwise there is a risk of dryness.
Not doing regular eye exercises can weaken your eyesight.
Using contact lenses haphazardly can cause eye infections.
Walking in the bright sun without glasses affects the eyes.
After eye surgery, don't lift heavy objects, it can put pressure on the eyes.
If you have an eye problem, don't just do home remedies, see a doctor.
Using medicine haphazardly without getting your eyes checked can have side effects.
Pay attention to cleanliness to protect your eyes from infection.
If you don't have cataract surgery, there is a risk of losing your eyesight.
Glaucoma can damage the optic nerve, get regular check-ups.
If you have trouble seeing far or near due to refractive error, don't ignore it.
If you don't follow the doctor's instructions after eye surgery, you might get complications.
Reading in dim light can weaken your eyes, read in enough light.
If you have eye problems, don't use medicine that others have used.
If you get an eye injury, go to the hospital right away, don't ignore it.
If you have eye problems and don't wear glasses, you might get headaches.
If you don't rest after eye surgery, the wound might have a hard time healing.
If you don't treat it on time, an eye infection can cause you to lose your vision.
If you don't get your eyes checked regularly, problems like glaucoma can increase.
If you let kids use their phones too much, it can negatively affect their eyes.
If refractive error problems increase, your vision might become blurry.
After eye surgery, protect your eyes from dust and pollution.
If you see any problems in your eyes, get a doctor's advice right away.
If you ignore eye weakness, there's a chance you'll lose your vision.
If you don't use the medicine the doctor gave you regularly after cataract surgery, you might have problems.
If glaucoma isn't identified and treated on time, you can lose your vision.
If diabetic patients don't get regular eye exams, they can get retinopathy.
After eye surgery, don't exercise without the doctor's advice.
If cataracts aren't treated on time, the risk of blindness increases.
In old age, the risk of falling increases because bones become weak, so be careful when walking.
Get your teeth checked regularly in old age, otherwise you might get an infection and other problems might be added.
Don't eat too much salty and oily food, it can increase high blood pressure.
Diabetic patients, stay away from sweet foods, otherwise your health might get worse.
If you have a toothache, don't just do home remedies, consult a dentist.
If you have a stomach ache, don't take medicine randomly, take doctor's advice.
If your stomach is upset, don't eat junk food, it can make the problem worse.
Eat less sweet food to prevent tooth decay.
More than the body aches from the fever, this time the swelling is bothering me a lot.
This headache is unbearable compared to the previous headache.
I feel more tired now than the weakness I felt during diarrhea.
This cough is much worse than the last time, my chest hurts.
This nausea has made me much weaker than the nausea I had during typhoid.
This fever has affected my body more than the malaria fever.
This fever is much scarier than the fever my child gets when they have a cold.
It's much harder to breathe now than when I have a normal cough.
This allergy is much itchier than the previous skin allergy.
This time there is blood in my vomit, it's not normal like last time.
This time I've bled a lot more than when I get a normal injury, what should I do?
It hurts more in the swollen bone area now than it did before.
This time the fatigue is much more unbearable than before, it's hard to work too.
This time the ringworm is much itchier and burns more than before.
This time's fever is pretty bad, way hotter than last time.
This headache is more than just a normal one, my eyes are hurting too.
Before I just felt nauseous, but this time I'm actually throwing up.
When I had a cold, I just had a normal cough, but this time it's hard to breathe.
Before my allergies just made me itch a little, but now my skin is red too.
When I got a small cut before, it would bleed a little, but this time I bled a lot.
This hurts more than the bone pain I had before because it's swollen.
This time I'm so weak, it's hard to even work.
This rash is way more spread out than the last time I had one.
Normally paracetamol works for a fever, but it's not working this time.
Brufen used to work for my headaches, but it's not working this time.
Some simple medicine used to work for nausea, but nothing's working this time.
Home remedies used to work for my cough, but they're not working this time.
Resting used to help with tiredness, but it's not helping this time.
Some simple medicine used to work for swelling, but it's not working this time.
Small cuts used to heal on their own, but this time I bled so much I need stitches.
This joint pain is way more unbearable than before.
Home remedies used to work for my skin problems, but they're not working this time.
When I had a fever before, I just had normal aches, but this time my bones are hurting.
Drinking water and resting used to help with normal headaches, but it's not helping this time.
Before, when I felt normal nausea, drinking lemon water would help, but this time lemon water didn't work for the nausea.
Normally when I had a simple cough, honey would help, but this time honey didn't work for the cough.
Normally when I was tired, sleeping for a while would help, but this time sleeping didn't help with the tiredness.
Last time when I had swelling, applying warm water would give relief, but this time applying warm water didn't help.
Before, when I got hurt, it would be a normal pain, but this time the injury hurts a lot.
This time the fever lasted longer than the last time.
This time the headache was more unbearable than last time, so it was hard to work.
This time the nausea was more than last time, so I didn't feel like eating.
This time the cough was scratchier than last time, so it was hard to talk.
This time the tiredness was more than last time, so it was hard to walk.
This time the swelling was more painful than last time, so it was hard to walk.
This time the bleeding problem was more than last time, so I have to go to the hospital.
This time the skin rash is itchier than last time, so it's unbearable.
This time the breathing problem is more than last time, so I have to go to the hospital.
I feel a little better after taking vitamin supplements, but I feel nauseous after taking iron tablets.
Compared to fever and cough, this time the body swelling problem has bothered me a lot.
Doctor, does the chest X-ray report show anything suspicious?
Does this patient's urine test report show any infection?
Sir, how much radiation exposure is there from an X-ray?
Doctor, what's the reason for needing a spine X-ray?
How long does a CT scan take and what's the process?
The blood test report seems off, can you explain it to me?
Should we get an X-ray of this injured area or not?
Do I need to take a pregnancy test to know if I'm pregnant?
Looking at the patient's condition, what will the ECG report be like?
Why do I need an ultrasound, did the doctor say anything?
Since I suspect asthma, should I get a sputum test?
Does the MRI report show any serious problems?
Can I get a dental X-ray here or do I need to go somewhere else?
Did the doctor give a painkiller to reduce this pain?
Do I need to get a biopsy to find out the skin problem?
Is there a need to give insulin for diabetes or not?
Can you explain what the doctor said after looking at the X-ray report?
Does the patient need a CT scan for further examination?
Do I need to do an ECG to find out the heart problem?
Do I need to get an ultrasound to find out the cause of the stomach pain?
Does this patient need an X-ray or not?
What's the reason for needing an X-ray of their spine?
Do we really need an ultrasound to detect kidney stones?
How necessary is an X-ray to know the condition of this injury?
Does this patient need an MRI?
Has this patient's biopsy report come yet?
Should this patient be taken for a CT scan?
Does this patient's X-ray report show any serious problems?
Should this patient be prepared for an ECG?
Does this patient need to be fasting for the ultrasound?
Should this patient's insulin dose be increased?
Since this wound isn't healing, should we do a biopsy?
Does this patient's urine test show an infection?
How should the patient be prepared for an X-ray?
Can a chest X-ray detect pneumonia?
Should this patient have an MRI of their spine?
Did this pregnant woman's pregnancy test come back positive?
My son must be stressed, he doesn't even want to eat.
My daughter-in-law has depression, so I brought her here for psychiatric help.
It's been very difficult since my husband developed a substance abuse problem.
My daughter has anxiety problems, what should I do?
Is there anyone here who provides information about mental health in the community?
My father is suffering from joint pain, and painkillers aren't helping.
Doctor, my grandson's heart rate is high, please check him once.
A lot of people in the village are having high blood pressure problems, are antihypertensive medicines available?
I heard that yoga and meditation should be done to reduce mental stress, is there anyone here who teaches it?
My son is showing symptoms of schizophrenia, where should I go for treatment?
Do you have pain relief medicine (paracetamol) here?
My father has trouble sleeping due to depression.
Drug use is increasing among many young people in the village, how to control it?
Where should I register to get mental health counseling services?
I heard the village council is holding a mental health camp, when will it be?
My daughter is very bothered by exam stress.
Are there any home remedies for anxiety here?
What to do if suicidal thoughts come to mind?
My old father is having a lot of trouble with back muscle pain.
My son has chest pain due to anxiety.
Who is the mental health volunteer in the village?
I have been suffering from depression since my husband went abroad.
Does this medicine affect the kidneys?
How much does psychosocial counseling cost here?
My daughter has fear issues, should she see a psychiatrist?
When will the mental health program be organized in the community?
Are painkillers available for free here?
My husband's having trouble walking because of knee pain.
How long does my son need to take schizophrenia medicine?
We need to raise awareness about mental health issues in the village.
What should we do for my daughter's fear problem?
Do you have depression medicine here?
My son is having trouble concentrating on his studies because of anxiety.
Who is the mental health worker in the community?
My husband's heart problem has gotten worse, what should I do?
Why does my son have suicidal thoughts?
Is there a psychosocial counselor here?
It's important to remove misconceptions about mental health in the village.
My daughter has stomach pain due to exam stress.
Do you have any natural remedies for anxiety here?
My daughter-in-law has headaches because of depression.
When is mental health counseling service available here?
My son is always angry, maybe because he's stressed at school.
Who should I talk to about organizing a mental health program in the village?
My daughter doesn't feel like eating due to exam stress.
Do you teach any yoga postures for anxiety here?
Are there any helpline numbers for suicide prevention?
My husband is having kidney problems, should we see a doctor?
If you have stomach pain during pregnancy, don't ignore it, get it checked at the health post immediately.
After giving birth, both mother and baby can have health complications, so get regular check-ups.
If a pregnant woman with high blood pressure doesn't take medicine regularly, it can be risky for both mother and baby.
Not using family planning methods and getting pregnant repeatedly can be harmful to the mother's health.
Unsafe delivery can increase the risk of infection for both mother and baby.
If the mother's nutrition is not taken care of while breastfeeding, the baby may not get enough nutrition.
Don't ignore unusual skin changes during pregnancy, it could be a sign of a serious problem.
If you don't get regular prenatal check-ups, you may not know the risks that can occur during pregnancy.
Not getting enough rest during pregnancy can lead to physical and mental problems.
Smoking and drinking alcohol during pregnancy can seriously affect the baby's health.
Do not take any medicine during pregnancy without consulting a doctor, it can harm the baby.
Taking too much stress during pregnancy is not good for both mother and baby.
If there is excessive bleeding during childbirth, inform the health worker immediately, it could be life-threatening.
If you experience any health problems while using temporary family planning methods, consult a doctor immediately.
Arriving at the health post too late after labor pains start can be dangerous for both mother and baby.
It is good to consult with a health worker once before having an abortion, it protects against future dangers.
If you have diabetes during pregnancy, take special precautions, otherwise both mother and baby may be at risk.
The habit of not eating nutritious food during pregnancy can weaken both mother and baby.
If you have diarrhea during pregnancy, do not ignore it, it can cause dehydration and lead to complications.
If bleeding doesn't stop for a long time after giving birth, get a health checkup immediately.
If you don't vaccinate your child on time, the risk of various diseases increases.
Lifting heavy things during pregnancy can affect the stomach and lead to miscarriage.
Think carefully before deciding to adopt a permanent family planning method.
Protect pregnant women from wild animals; if attacked, they could die.
Herbs found randomly around the village should not be given to pregnant women, as they can have negative effects.
Not paying attention to hygiene during postpartum can increase the risk of infection.
If you have a high fever during pregnancy, see a doctor immediately.
If you don't get regular prenatal checkups, both the pregnant mother and the baby can have health problems.
Using artificial chemicals during pregnancy can cause skin allergies.
Returning to work immediately after giving birth can worsen the mother's health.
If breastfeeding mothers don't drink enough water, milk production may decrease.
If you have any problems using family planning methods, consult a health worker immediately.
If a pregnant woman is malnourished, the baby may have congenital problems.
If any part of the body swells or hurts during pregnancy, see a doctor immediately.
Having an unsafe abortion can put the mother's life at risk.
Mental stress during pregnancy can affect the baby's mental development.
If a pregnant woman has anemia, start taking iron tablets immediately.
If you notice any unusual symptoms during pregnancy, inform a health worker immediately.
Relying only on home remedies during postpartum can sometimes increase complications.
Having wrong ideas about family planning can cause unwanted pregnancy.
Traveling a lot during pregnancy can increase tiredness and stress.
If you have severe stomach pain during pregnancy, contact a doctor immediately.
Not resting after giving birth can cause uterine prolapse.
Eating too many sweets during pregnancy can increase the risk of diabetes.
If a pregnant woman has high blood pressure, reduce salt intake.
Eating too much red meat during pregnancy can increase cholesterol.
If your feet swell during pregnancy, rest and keep your feet elevated.
If you have back pain during pregnancy, do not lift heavy objects and sit in the correct posture.
If your heart beats fast during pregnancy, see a doctor immediately.
The situation in the ICU is such that patients are complaining about not getting enough protein in their food.
Many patients arriving here have iron deficiency, we need to find out the reason for this.
The number of patients with vitamin deficiencies is increasing in the ICU, how do we address this?
Many patients are being brought to the ICU due to malnutrition, we need to raise awareness about nutrition in rural areas.
Many problems are seen in elderly people due to protein deficiency, they need a balanced diet.
Nutrient deficiencies were also seen in patients taking regular medication, this needs attention.
There is a problem because there is no arrangement for supplementary feeding for patients undergoing treatment in the ICU.
Patients from poor families complain that it takes a long time to recover from illness due to lack of nutrition.
It has been found that thyroid problems have increased in most patients due to iodine deficiency.
Micronutrient deficiencies were observed in patients during treatment, how do we fulfill this?
Some patients brought here also have obesity problems, need to pay attention to diet.
There's a complaint that the food given to patients in the ICU has less protein, it needs improvement.
Those who have been sick for a long time have a decreased ability to fight disease due to lack of nutrition.
Many patients are found to have anemia due to iron deficiency, this is very worrying.
Iodine deficiency in children is affecting their mental development, it should be stopped in time.
Patients are getting weaker due to lack of balanced diet, it is important to pay attention to this.
There is a need to isolate and treat patients with vitamin deficiencies in the ICU.
Malnutrition problems are becoming more complex in patients coming from villages, this should be taken seriously.
Patients' muscles have weakened due to protein deficiency, they need more protein.
Many patients have eye and teeth problems due to micronutrient deficiencies.
Patients brought to the ICU have heart and kidney problems due to obesity.
Even while taking medicine, patients are having difficulty recovering due to lack of nutrition.
Patients are getting weaker due to lack of supplementary feeding, it should be arranged.
Pregnant women are having many problems due to iodine deficiency, it should be controlled.
Patients' immunity has weakened due to vitamin deficiency, I am worried.
Malnutrition has affected the physical and mental development of children, this is a serious problem.
Patients are having skin and hair problems due to protein deficiency, need to pay attention.
Many patients have respiratory problems due to micronutrient deficiencies.
Patients have joint and bone problems due to obesity, a solution must be found.
There is a complaint that patients' immunity has weakened due to lack of balanced diet.
A lot of patients brought here say they feel tired and weak because of iron deficiency.
Patients in the ICU who have vitamin deficiencies need to be given fruits and vegetables.
Treating patients with malnutrition is very expensive; it's a big problem.
Because of protein deficiency, patients' wounds are taking a long time to heal, which is concerning.
There are complaints that children are having difficulty concentrating on their studies due to iodine deficiency.
Many patients are having problems because they don't know about balanced diets.
Vitamin deficiency is affecting patients' nervous systems; this needs to be addressed immediately.
Malnutrition is causing kidney and liver problems in patients; this is a serious matter.
Protein deficiency is weakening patients' immune systems; this needs attention.
Many patients are experiencing digestive problems due to micronutrient deficiencies.
Patients are experiencing increased problems with diabetes and high blood pressure due to obesity.
Patients are getting weaker due to lack of supplementary feeding; what should we do?
Many patients who come here say their memory is weak due to iron deficiency.
Vitamin deficiency is causing patients' skin to become dry and itchy.
Malnutrition is also affecting the mental health of patients.
Protein deficiency is causing swelling in patients' bodies, making treatment difficult.
Thyroid problems are increasing due to iodine deficiency; immediate steps must be taken to control it.
Many patients are having problems because they don't know the importance of a balanced diet.
Vitamin deficiency is weakening patients' eyesight, increasing the risk of vision loss.
Due to weakened immunity from malnutrition, patients are experiencing frequent infections.
If you are careless during eye exams, it can affect your vision.
If you don't get regular checkups, the disease can get worse.
Come to the health camp and take advantage, otherwise you might regret it later.
If you delay vaccination, you might get sick.
If you don't pay attention to hand hygiene, the risk of infection increases.
Drinking contaminated water can cause diarrhea.
If mosquitoes are not controlled, a dengue epidemic can spread.
If high blood pressure is not checked in time, a heart attack can occur.
Ignoring cancer screening can be fatal.
Ignoring eye problems can lead to vision loss.
If you don't get regular checkups, it's hard to detect the disease.
If you don't get vaccinated, your immunity will be weak.
Eating without washing your hands can cause stomach pain.
If you don't drink boiled water, you can get a stomach infection.
If you are not careful to avoid mosquito bites, you can get sick.
If you don't get your blood pressure checked, serious problems can arise.
If cancer is not detected in time, it is difficult to treat.
If your eyes are weak, don't be careless.
If you don't follow the doctor's advice at the health camp, the disease may not be cured.
If you delay getting vaccinated, you might get sick.
If you don't wash your hands well, germs can go into your stomach.
If you don't drink clean water, there's a risk of getting various diseases.
If you don't take measures to kill mosquitoes, the risk of disease increases.
If you don't get your blood pressure checked regularly, you could even die.
If you suspect cancer, get tested immediately, otherwise it will be difficult.
If your eyesight is weak, wear glasses, otherwise you'll see blurry.
If you neglect health checkups, disease will keep getting worse.
If you miss getting adult vaccines, your immunity decreases.
If you don't wash your hands before eating, you can get worms in your stomach.
If you drink water without boiling it properly, you're likely to get sick.
If you don't use a mosquito net to protect yourself from mosquitoes, you can get dengue.
If you don't know your blood pressure is high, it can be dangerous.
Ignoring the early symptoms of cancer can cost you dearly.
If you don't get your eyes checked on time, you may have problems in the future.
If you come to the health camp and leave without getting health advice, you might regret it later.
If you refuse to get vaccinated, you'll get sick.
If you don't pay attention to hand hygiene, the chance of getting diseases increases.
If you are careless about drinking clean water, you will get sick.
If you don't use mosquito repellent, there is a risk of dengue.
You won't know unless you get your blood pressure checked regularly, so get it checked.
If cancer is not detected early, it can be fatal.
If you don't get your eyes checked regularly, your vision may weaken.
Don't leave the health camp without learning about your health.
Without vaccination, you won't have the ability to fight diseases.
If you don't wash your hands with soap and water, germs can attack.
If you don't purify water, it can cause disease.
If you don't pay attention to mosquito control, diseases can spread.
If blood pressure is not controlled, it can cause a stroke.
If you don't get cancer screening, the disease can relapse.
Ignoring eye problems can lead to serious consequences.
If diabetes increases, it can affect the eyes and kidneys, get it checked on time.
If you don't take high blood pressure medicine regularly, the risk of heart attack increases.
If you have thyroid problems, you may experience symptoms such as fatigue and weight fluctuations, don't ignore it.
Rheumatism can cause joint pain and swelling, get immediate treatment.
Asthma patients should avoid dust and smoke, otherwise breathing problems may occur.
People with COPD should avoid the cold, it can increase infection.
To avoid heart disease, eat less oily and sweet foods, otherwise the risk may increase.
If cancer is not detected early, it can be life-threatening, get regular checkups.
If you have liver problems, you may experience symptoms such as abdominal pain and vomiting, see a doctor immediately.
If high blood pressure is not controlled, there is a risk of stroke, be careful.
Diabetic patients should protect their feet from injury, otherwise they can get infections.
You have to take thyroid medicine regularly, otherwise it can cause many problems in the body.
To reduce arthritis pain, apply warm water, it will give relief, but don't forget to consult a doctor.
Asthma patients should always carry an inhaler with them, it will be useful in emergencies.
COPD patients should exercise their lungs regularly, it makes breathing easier.
Heart patients should stay away from stress, it has a negative impact on health.
If cancer treatment is delayed, it can spread to other parts of the body, be careful.
To avoid liver disease, stay away from junk food and alcohol, adopt a healthy lifestyle.
If kidney problems get worse, you may need dialysis, get it checked in time.
Diabetes can weaken the nerves, so get your feet checked regularly.
Consult your doctor before stopping high blood pressure medicine, don't decide on your own.
If there is a problem with the thyroid gland, problems such as weight gain or loss, and hair loss can occur.
Arthritis can also affect the heart, so get regular checkups.
Asthma patients should stay away from pets, as they can increase allergies.
COPD patients should quit smoking completely, this disease can get worse.
To avoid heart disease, exercise regularly and eat a healthy diet, otherwise the problem may increase.
To avoid cancer, do not consume tobacco products and alcohol, adopt a healthy lifestyle.
Get vaccinated against hepatitis for liver protection, it prevents disease.
Drink plenty of water to keep your kidneys healthy, otherwise it can cause serious problems.
If you don't take diabetes medicine on time, your blood sugar can rise, be aware.
If you ignore high blood pressure, you can lose your eyesight, get it checked regularly.
Thyroid problems can cause irregular periods in women, consult a doctor.
Rheumatism can affect other organs of the body, get regular checkups.
If asthma gets worse, you might need to go to the hospital immediately, be prepared.
People with COPD should avoid pollution, it can make breathing difficult.
Heart patients should not take any medicine without consulting a doctor, it can be harmful.
If you see symptoms of cancer, consult a specialist doctor immediately, don't delay.
If fat accumulates in the liver, there is a risk of cirrhosis, be aware.
To prevent kidney failure, keep diabetes and high blood pressure under control.
Diabetic patients should regularly check their blood glucose levels, otherwise complications can arise.
People with high blood pressure should reduce salt intake, it helps to control blood pressure.
If you have thyroid problems, there is also a possibility of depression, consult a psychiatrist.
If treatment for rheumatism is delayed, the joints can be permanently damaged, start treatment immediately.
Asthma patients should not eat cold drinks and ice cream, it can cause breathing problems.
COPD patients should see a doctor immediately if they have a cough, there may be an infection.
To avoid heart disease, do yoga and meditation regularly, it reduces stress.
Even after cancer treatment, you should go for regular follow-ups, there is a possibility of the disease returning.
If you have liver disease, you may see jaundice (yellow skin), see a doctor immediately.
If you have kidney stones, you may need surgery, drink plenty of water.
If you have both diabetes and high blood pressure together, it can seriously affect the heart and kidneys, be aware.
If the ambulance is late, the patient could be at big risk, inform them immediately.
If the health camp checkup report isn't good, you might need a referral for more treatment.
If you're late to renew your health insurance, you might have to pay for treatment yourself.
If you make unnecessary calls to the emergency helpline number, it can stop others from getting help.
Medicine bought from outside pharmacies might be fake, so check properly before using.
Don't be careless just because health services are free at the hospital, come on time.
If treatment seems like it will cost a lot, you might even have to take out a loan.
If you walk carelessly in the hospital, you could slip and break a bone, be careful.
If you don't regularly take iron tablets, anemia can be life-threatening.
Even if the health camp checkup doesn't find anything, come to the hospital right away if you suspect something.
If you give the wrong address when calling an ambulance, the patient might not get service on time and have problems.
Be careful of those who give wrong information about health insurance and cheat people.
Taking the wrong medicine in an emergency can be fatal, don't do anything without a doctor's advice.
If your report gets lost when you go for a health camp checkup, you might have to get checked again.
Don't waste time talking nonsense when calling the emergency helpline, others might have problems.
Trying to trick the ambulance driver by giving wrong information can risk the patient's life.
If you walk carelessly at the health camp, you might fall and get hurt, pay attention.
Even though you have health insurance, not using it can cause a big financial burden in the future.
If you can't make the right decision in an emergency, the patient's condition can get even worse.
After getting checked at a health camp, you shouldn't take medicine without the doctor's advice, it can have negative effects.
If ambulances get stuck in traffic without a way to pass, patients could die.
Submitting fake documents for health insurance can cause problems in the future.
When you call the emergency helpline, you have to clearly explain your problem, otherwise it's hard to get help.
Don't be rude to the volunteers who came to the health camp, they are there to help.
Making unnecessary noise in the hospital can affect other patients.
Don't confuse others by spreading false rumors about health insurance.
When using telemedicine service, internet problems might cause you to not talk to the doctor on time.
If you doubt the report after getting checked at a health camp, consult with other doctors too.
In an emergency, if you can't find an ambulance, it can be difficult to get the patient to the hospital.
If you are late paying for health insurance, the policy might get canceled, pay on time.
If you don't understand what the doctor says in telemedicine and take the wrong medicine, it can seriously affect your health.
When you come to the health camp, don't touch other people's things, you might get in trouble if something goes missing.
If you throw garbage in the hospital, infection can spread, only throw it in the designated place.
Submitting false information to claim health insurance can result in legal action.
If you don't take the doctor's advice seriously in telemedicine service, the disease can get worse.
Even if the health checkup doesn't find anything, rest if you feel weak.
If you call the ambulance to the wrong place and mislead them, other patients might not get service on time.
If you don't renew your health insurance on time, you might have to pay for treatment yourself.
Due to network problems in telemedicine service, you might not be able to talk to the doctor well, be patient.
When you come to the health camp, don't say unnecessary things to anyone, it can cause arguments.
Going to the hospital when it's too crowded can increase the risk of infection, so be careful.
Don't confuse patients by spreading unnecessary rumors about health insurance.
Giving wrong information in telemedicine services can worsen health due to not getting the right treatment.
When getting checked at a health camp, ask properly about the medicine the doctor gives before taking it.
Just because the ambulance service is free, don't use it unnecessarily, someone else might need it.
Even with health insurance, complications can increase if you don't reach the hospital on time.
If you don't take the correct dosage of medicine prescribed by the doctor in telemedicine service, you might see side effects.
When you come to a health camp, don't touch anyone's personal belongings, you might be accused of theft.
Don't bother the doctors and nurses at the hospital with unnecessary questions, let them work.
Even after surgery, the pain hasn't reduced, what kind of treatment is this?
The child has a fever, paracetamol didn't work, what to do?
There are many complaints about this hospital not having good facilities for radiation therapy.
A woman who came in labor needed ICU care, this is negligence.
I came for physiotherapy after having difficulty walking due to joint pain, but it's just been suffering here.
Ayurvedic medicine didn't have much effect, instead my stomach got even more upset.
There's always a shortage of allopathic medicine in government hospitals, where to get treatment?
Many people in the village got sick with diarrhea, but no one came to give Jeevan Jal.
It's so hard to get a turn for dialysis, how many days should the patient wait?
Chemotherapy has weakened the body, is there no other option?
Complaints are repeatedly coming that doctors are not examining properly in the hospital.
The kid has pneumonia, and they say there's no antibiotic medicine here!
I'm so fed up with my diabetes getting worse, even insulin isn't working.
Asthma patients can't even find inhalers when they need them here.
My skin turned completely black because of the radiation therapy side effects, what to do?
There are increasing complaints about getting infections due to carelessness during operations in the hospital.
I had faith in Ayurvedic treatment, but the disease got even worse.
Even after taking the antiretroviral medicine the doctor gave, my health hasn't improved.
Homemade medicine didn't help either, what to do now?
They said dialysis service was free in government hospitals, but it costs money here.
I'm suffering from skin allergies, but the cream the doctor gave me isn't working.
I'm so tired of my stomach hurting, the doctor sent me home saying it's just normal pain.
What should I eat to strengthen my body after it's been weakened by chemotherapy?
The child has a fever and dry lips, will you give them Jeevan Jal (oral rehydration solution) or not?
My knees hurt so much it's hard to walk, how long do I have to wait for physiotherapy?
Patients' conditions are getting worse because they have to wait too long for surgery in the hospital.
Even after taking diabetes medicine, the sugar level in my blood isn't under control, why is that?
My stomach got upset after taking Ayurvedic medicine, what to do now?
The disease got worse while doing home remedies, now I have to go to the hospital.
The doctor advised me to get radiation therapy, but I'm scared.
The antibiotic medicine had side effects, I told the doctor but they didn't care.
I'm ugly because my hair fell out from chemo, what to do now?
The kid has diarrhea, they sent us home instead of giving oral rehydration solution.
The new mother needs ICU care, but they say there are no beds available!
The doctor said I need surgery, but I'm scared.
The joint pain hasn't decreased even after physiotherapy, what to do?
I came to the hospital after home remedies didn't work, but I couldn't see a doctor here either.
The asthma patient doesn't have money to buy an inhaler, how to treat it?
Radiation therapy fees are very expensive, how can the poor pay?
We have to wait months to get dialysis, what is the government doing?
My health hasn't improved even after taking antiretroviral medicine regularly, what to do now?
Chemotherapy has weakened my body, it's hard to even work.
There was a complaint that the doctor didn't care for the patient who was writhing in stomach pain.
The skin allergy didn't heal even after taking the medicine the doctor gave.
I'm suffering from rheumatism, it hasn't gotten better even with Ayurvedic treatment.
The surgical wound took a long time to heal, it seems like there might be an infection.
The new mother's health deteriorated due to lack of good care, what to do now?
The child has pneumonia, but there are no ICU beds available in the hospital.
The doctor advised radiation therapy, but I don't know about this method.
I'm allergic to the antibiotic the doctor gave, I have rashes on my skin.
It is good to go to a health camp to get all family members' eyes checked.
Take special care of hand hygiene during the rainy season, otherwise you might get sick.
There is regular health check-up at the rehab center, take advantage of it.
To control mosquitoes, don't let water collect around the house.
Get your father's blood pressure checked regularly.
Take your mother to the health post for adult vaccinations.
Let's take initiative to organize a health camp in our community too.
If anyone in the family has a skin problem, consult a doctor immediately.
If you have joint pain, take pain relievers only after consulting a doctor.
Talk to a health worker to learn about cancer screening.
Wash your hands thoroughly with soap and water to avoid infections during the rainy season.
Explain the importance of safe water to the patients who come to the center.
Take your son for regular check-ups, it is important for his future.
We should also take initiative to organize an eye check-up camp in our village.
Adult vaccinations should be given to protect elderly parents from pneumonia.
High blood pressure can be avoided by getting regular blood pressure checks.
Cancer screening helps to detect the disease and treat it in time.
Install mosquito nets on windows and doors at home to avoid mosquito bites.
If someone in the family has a mental health problem, give antidepressant medicine only after consulting a doctor.
Let's arrange hand hygiene training at the rehabilitation center.
Encourage everyone who comes to the center to drink safe water.
Get a health checkup at least once every year.
Inform family members about adult vaccinations.
If you see any eye problems, get your eyes checked immediately.
Control mosquitoes by not allowing water to accumulate during the rainy season.
Get your blood pressure checked regularly to avoid high blood pressure.
Drink safe water and adopt a healthy lifestyle.
Many diseases can be avoided by paying attention to hand hygiene.
Regular eye exams help protect your eyesight.
Consult with a healthcare professional for cancer screening.
If someone in the family has an infection, only use antibiotics with a doctor's advice.
Arrange for regular eye check-ups at the rehabilitation center.
Keep your surroundings clean to control mosquitoes.
It is our duty to drink safe water and inspire others to do so.
Regular health checkups help reduce the risk of disease.
Many diseases can be avoided by getting adult vaccinations.
Cancer screening can detect and treat the disease in time.
Inform patients coming to the center about hand hygiene.
Pay attention to mosquito control to keep your family safe.
Get your blood pressure checked regularly and adopt a healthy lifestyle.
Get regular eye exams for eye protection.
Drink boiled water, it protects you from stomach problems.
Explain the importance of regular health check-ups to family members.
Cancer screening can save lives, so take it seriously.
Inform patients coming to the center about adult vaccinations.
Keep your family safe by taking mosquito control measures.
I found many people in the village weakened by fever and persistent cough.
Since patients showed nausea and vomiting, I had to give diarrhea medicine.
A patient came with difficulty breathing, so I had to give oxygen immediately.
An elderly patient who came to the health post had red rashes on their skin.
Since the bleeding didn't stop, the patient had to be referred to a bigger hospital for further treatment.
The patient who had been feeling tired for a long time was recommended for further examination.
I gave paracetamol to the patient who came with fever and body aches.
These days, many patients are showing problems with headaches.
Due to the lack of medicine in the village, it is difficult to even treat a common fever.
It's common to have fever and body aches during this time, I advised them to rest.
Due to not taking medicine regularly, blood pressure increased and caused headaches.
Even after taking medicine, the cough didn't get better, so a tuberculosis test had to be done.
Because children are getting weaker due to malnutrition, I advised them to eat nutritious food.
The wound got infected and festered, so I had to give antibiotic medicine.
Due to extreme heat, many patients are showing problems with dehydration.
Lack of medicine in remote villages is causing problems for patients.
Regular exercise and a balanced diet can reduce tiredness.
Drink boiled water, it protects you from many stomach problems.
The patient is dehydrated, so we need to give saline immediately.
I advised them to go to the hospital immediately after having chest pain and difficulty breathing.
Many patients in the village have lost their lives due to not getting treatment on time.
I advised them to avoid mosquito bites because water gets stagnant during the rainy season.
I suggested pregnant women take iron tablets because they have anemia.
Many people are unable to get health services due to poverty.
We suspect the patient with a cough and chest pain has pneumonia.
Children are showing various disease infections because they didn't get vaccinated on time.
Patients are suffering because there aren't enough medicines in the health post.
It's normal to get a cold, cough, and fever this season, take rest.
I advised diabetic patients to take insulin regularly.
They need to give antiparasitic medicine because they have worms in their stomach.
Patients with high blood pressure need to be given antihypertensive medicine.
Elderly people are having difficulty walking due to joint pain problems.
I gave antihistamine medicine because they have rashes on their skin due to allergies.
Many patients are having body aches due to viral fever.
There seems to be an increased outbreak of diarrhea in this village, so drinking water needs to be purified.
We need to give oxygen immediately to patients who have breathing problems.
If the patient had gotten treatment on time, maybe they would have lived.
Since the bleeding didn't stop, we need to refer the patient to a bigger hospital.
Because of the lack of health awareness in the village, many problems are arising.
If the fever doesn't go away and you see more complications, come to the hospital right away.
If you have a cough and difficulty breathing, contact a health facility immediately.
The diarrhea outbreak may have increased because the village's water source is dirty.
If the rash on your skin is itchy, apply calamine lotion.
There's a problem because there aren't enough medicines in the health post, we need to inform the concerned authorities.
The problem of malnutrition is increasing due to the lack of nutritious food.
If you have a cough for a long time, it's good to get tested for TB.
The wound is infected and festering, so it needs regular dressing.
If you feel tired, get enough rest and drink plenty of water.
The patient said they felt feverish and their body was weak.
Many patients are complaining of cough and difficulty breathing.
Some patients said they had headaches and nausea.
During the Covid pandemic, many people felt tired.
Patients with fever and rashes on their bodies are also coming in.
Many patients said they felt better after taking vitamin supplements.
Due to Covid, many patients' lungs have been affected.
There are patients who don't get better even after taking fever medicine.
Many patients complained about chest pain when coughing.
These days, many patients are showing symptoms of body aches and fatigue.
Many health workers experienced physical fatigue while working during the pandemic.
Due to Covid, some patients have had high blood pressure problems.
Patients with cough and fever need to be tested immediately.
Some patients said they had joint pain and swelling problems.
Patients who are weak from fever should be advised to rest.
A patient with a headache and vomiting may have a serious condition.
If you feel tired, you should be advised to rest and drink plenty of water.
Patients who have difficulty breathing may need to be given oxygen.
Patients with rashes on their body may need to be given allergy medicine.
Patients who have had a cough for a long time need to have a chest X-ray.
Some patients complained of stomach pain and nausea.
Some people said they still feel tired even after the fever and cough are gone.
After getting Covid infection, some people had to take depression medicine.
If you see swelling in the body, you should see a doctor immediately.
Patients who are vomiting blood should be taken to the hospital immediately.
Due to Covid, many patients have been found to have liver problems.
A patient with a headache and blurred vision may have a neurological problem.
Patients having difficulty breathing should be given oxygen immediately.
Patients with fever and body aches might need to be given painkillers.
Patients with cough should be advised to drink warm water and honey.
If you feel tired, you should rest and take Vitamin C.
Patients with rashes on their body need to get an allergy test.
Patients with high blood pressure should be given blood pressure medication.
We've also had patients who have rib pain from coughing a lot.
I am busy measuring fever and understanding the patient's condition.
Some patients said they have a heavy head and feel dizzy.
If you have fatigue for a long time, you might need to get a thyroid test.
Due to Covid, some patients have had kidney problems.
Some patients also have a problem of not feeling like eating due to cough and fever.
Patients with fever need to be given paracetamol.
Some patients are complaining of back pain.
Patients who have difficulty breathing need to be put on a ventilator immediately.
The patient has become very weak after vomiting blood.
Due to fever and body aches, the patient is not in a condition to walk.
Patients who feel tired and weak have been advised to rest at home.
During Covid, many patients needed depression medicine.
Due to fever and cough, some patients' voices have changed.
These days, many patients are showing symptoms like fever and headache.
If you feel tired, it's good to consult a doctor right away.
Patients with cough and difficulty breathing need to be given oxygen and sent to the hospital.
After the flood, the risk of malnutrition has increased, so regular growth monitoring is more important than before.
In treating diarrhea, using Jeevan Jal is more effective and faster than home remedies.
In newborn care, a home environment might be safer than a hospital.
This vaccine is less painful than other vaccines.
Giving paracetamol during a fever is safer than other pain relievers.
The problem of stunting in children seems a little less now compared to before.
In treating wasting, feeding nutritious food is more important than medicine.
Regularly giving deworming medicine is more effective than other methods to reduce stomach pain.
I've found that many parents are bringing their children for vaccination now compared to before.
Due to this time's flood, the risk of malnutrition has increased in many children, which is more serious than before.
To keep a newborn warm, it's better to put them in woolen clothes than thin clothes.
Giving Jeevan Jal to a child with diarrhea is more important than giving other liquids.
A normal fever after vaccination will go away on its own, but if there is a high fever, it is best to see a doctor.
It is common for children's bones to weaken due to malnutrition, but if treated in time, it can be restored to its previous state.
If growth monitoring is not done on time, it is difficult to detect stunting, which can become complicated later on.
Regularly weighing a child makes it easier to know the risk of wasting, which is more reliable than other symptoms.
Before, there was less knowledge of newborn care here, but now there has been a lot of improvement.
Giving zinc tablets along with Jeevan Jal is even more effective for kids with diarrhea.
It's important to give feverish kids the right dose of paracetamol according to their age, otherwise it can be more harmful than other medicines.
Giving deworming medicine to children is faster than home remedies for stomach pain.
Malnutrition affects children's brain development, which can be more serious than affecting physical development.
Running regular vaccination programs in flood-affected areas is more important than doing it in other areas.
In the current situation, taking special care of newborns is more important than before.
Paying attention to hygiene to avoid diarrhea is more important than taking medicine.
Using paracetamol to reduce fever is faster than home remedies.
Nutritious food is necessary to solve the problem of wasting in children, which is more important than other medicines.
Growth monitoring helps to identify the risk of malnutrition, which is easier than other tests.
Deworming medicine helps keep the stomach clean, which is safer than other medicines.
Regular breastfeeding for newborns is much better than formula milk.
Vaccination is the best way to prevent disease, which is more effective than other preventive measures.
Due to the increased drinking water problem caused by the floods, the risk of diarrhea has also increased, which is more worrying than before.
Malnutrition weakens children's immunity, which can be more dangerous than weakness caused by other reasons.
Bone problems can be cured if treated in time, which is easier than other diseases.
Paying attention to newborn eye care is more important than other health problems.
Resting when you have a fever is more important than taking medicine.
In the treatment of wasting, it is also necessary to pay attention to hygiene along with nutritious food, which is more important than other medicines.
Growth monitoring reveals the state of children's physical development, which is easier than other checkups.
Giving deworming medicine regularly keeps kids' stomachs healthy, which is safer than other medicines.
Vaccinating kids can protect them from many diseases, which is more effective than other methods.
Giving ORS to a child with diarrhea is much better than just giving water.
Malnutrition affects children's mental development, which can be more serious than affecting physical development.
Due to the current floods, diarrhea problems have increased in children, which is more serious than before.
Regularly weighing a newborn baby reveals their health status, which is easier than other methods.
Giving paracetamol to children when they have a fever is more quickly effective than home remedies.
Giving deworming medicine to children is more effective than other ways to reduce stomach pain.
Nothing can be better than breast milk in newborn care.
Nutritious food is necessary to solve the problem of stunting in children, which is more important than other medicines.
Proper management of drinking water in flood-affected areas is more important than other measures to control diarrhea.
Regular vaccination protects children from many types of diseases, which is more effective than other preventive measures.
Malnutrition affects children's immunity, which can be more serious than effects caused by other factors.
What to do if elderly parents in the village start showing symptoms of dementia?
How can geriatric care services be started in this rural area?
How to manage insulin for diabetic patients when there are transportation problems here?
What kind of training can be given to families to keep dementia patients calm and care for them?
What foods found in the village are useful to avoid osteoporosis?
How can the environment around the house be made safer to prevent accidents from falling?
What are some home remedies to reduce chronic pain that people here can easily adopt?
What kind of program can be run in the village to make the blind self-reliant?
What can the rural municipality do to help those with hearing loss?
What lifestyle changes should be made to control high blood pressure?
What information is there about using home remedies to cure skin infections?
How to reduce the chance of dementia patients getting lost?
How important is it to sit in the sun to strengthen bones?
What kind of shoes should old people wear to reduce the risk of falling?
What should be done to provide information about the health services needed by senior citizens?
What are some easily available foods in the village to improve eyesight?
What precautions should be taken to avoid ear problems?
What complications can arise if blood pressure is not controlled?
How to pay attention to hygiene to avoid skin infections?
What kind of counseling should be given to family members to care for dementia patients?
How can physical exercise be done to avoid the risk of falling?
What effect do pain relievers have?
What to eat to prevent weak eyesight?
What are the causes of eardrum rupture?
Is there anyone to teach diabetic patients how to inject insulin?
How important is it to advise high blood pressure patients to eat less salt?
How effective are home remedies in treating skin infections?
What can be done in villages to recognize the symptoms of dementia?
What changes should be made at home to avoid the risk of falling?
How important is regular exercise to control high blood pressure?
Do you treat snake bite patients in this lab?
Yesterday I fainted after getting an electric shock while working in the field, how is it now?
Doctor, my son seems to have accidentally ingested poison, what should I do?
I fell and injured my tooth because of dizziness, is there treatment here?
I fell in the dark and have back pain, is the X-ray done here or do I have to go somewhere else?
What should I apply to the skin that's burnt by electric shock, is there ointment available?
If someone drowns and becomes unconscious, can they be saved if brought here?
I feel like I've been poisoned without my knowledge, can I get tested?
I fell suddenly while working at home and broke my hand, can I get a plaster here?
My father suddenly had a stroke and we brought him here, what will happen now?
The child accidentally took medicine, what should I do now, is there treatment here?
I injured my spinal cord after falling from a cliff, can I get it checked here?
What should be done to bring an unconscious person back to consciousness after an electric shock?
What to do immediately for a snake bite victim, can I get information here?
How long does it take to get a poisoned patient to the hospital?
What kind of ointment should be applied to a burn patient, is it available here?
My friend fell and is unconscious, is this a stroke?
What to do to know if a person survives or dies from electric shock?
Do you have snake venom medicine here?
How to save a patient who has consumed poison?
If someone falls and breaks a bone, can I get advice on what treatment to do here?
If we touch a person who has electric shock, will we also get shocked?
What to apply on a snake bite, do you have any solutions here?
Do you have medicine to reduce the effect of poison here?
How to save a person who is drowned and unconscious, do you provide training?
Do you have a specialist here to treat patients with electric shock?
What kind of treatment is given here to patients who have consumed poison?
Is the operation for a broken bone from a fall done here?
The skin has turned black from electric shock, what is the treatment for this?
How quickly should a patient bitten by a snake be brought to the hospital?
What kind of food should not be given to a patient who has consumed poison?
What kind of technology do you use here to join a broken bone?
What kind of medicine should not be given to a patient with electric shock?
Do you allow a patient bitten by a snake to drink water or not?
How many days do you keep a patient who has consumed poison here?
How long does it take for a broken bone from a fall to heal?
What kind of food do you give to a patient with electric shock here?
What kind of facilities do you have here for snake bite patients?
Do you have special care arrangements here for patients who have ingested poison?
How much does it cost to operate on a broken bone from a fall?
How many days do you need to keep a patient here who has had an electric shock?
What kind of food is given here to snake bite patients?
What kind of tests are done here for patients who have ingested poison?
What kind of information do you provide here about broken bones from falls?
My child is having difficulty breathing, so we need to do a chest X-ray.
We can only start further treatment after the blood test report comes.
My mother's blood pressure is high, so she might need an ECG.
I've had a headache for a long time, should I get a CT scan?
We might need to do an ultrasound to see the condition of the uterus.
An infection has been found in the urine test, so we need to give medicine.
There is a problem with breathing, so a sputum test needs to be done.
If this medicine doesn't work, we need to give another antibiotic.
Please give this paracetamol to reduce the fever.
Insulin may need to be given due to diabetes.
There is a suspicion of HIV, so it seems we need to start antiretroviral medication.
Nothing can be said until the biopsy report comes.
He has back pain, so he may need an MRI of the spine.
This pregnancy test came back positive.
Let's do an ECG to see if the baby's heartbeat is regular.
Since there's a head injury, we might need a CT scan of the brain.
The X-ray looks like pneumonia.
There's something wrong in the urine report, we need to test again.
The blood hemoglobin is low, we should give iron tablets.
The baby might have jaundice, let's do a blood test.
In this ultrasound report, the baby's condition is normal.
Her biopsy report will take two more days to come.
After seeing the MRI report, the doctor will tell you about further treatment.
You need to make an appointment for a CT scan.
When doing an X-ray, the baby should be protected from radiation.
The sputum test report shows an infection, we need to start antibiotics.
This medicine controls high blood pressure.
Since the sugar level is high, we might need to increase the insulin dose.
You should take antiretroviral medicine regularly, don't forget.
There seems to be some problem in the uterus, so we need to do a biopsy.
To reduce back pain, we might need to do an MRI.
The pregnancy checkup report will come tomorrow.
The ECG shows a normal heart rate.
The CT scan of the head didn't show any serious problems.
We'll know the baby's position after the ultrasound.
Protein was found in the urine test, we need to do more tests.
Come on an empty stomach for the blood test.
Bacteria was found in the baby's sputum test.
If the fever doesn't go away, we might have to give antibiotics.
This paracetamol reduces pain for up to two hours.
We need to do a blood test to adjust the insulin dosage.
Taking HIV medicine regularly keeps the disease under control.
We'll only know if it's cancer or not after the biopsy report comes.
We need to do an MRI of the spine to find out the cause of the back problem.
The pregnancy test came back negative, but if you suspect, you should test again.
The ECG shows the condition of the heart.
A CT scan shows a picture of the inside of the body.
An X-ray shows the condition of the bones.
The patient has been given antibiotics to protect them from infection.
Let them know about the preparations for the biopsy.
If you suspect cataracts, get your eyes checked immediately.
A camp is being organized in the village for those with poor eyesight, please register your name.
If you have a refractive error, it's good to wear glasses.
If you see symptoms of conjunctivitis, contact the nearest health post.
There is special training available for people with low vision, come and participate.
After cataract surgery, follow the doctor's instructions carefully.
If there is any infection in the eye, consult a doctor immediately instead of doing home remedies.
If your eyesight is weak, reduce the use of mobile and computer.
If you need to have cataract surgery, I will arrange an ambulance to go to the hospital.
Regular eye check-ups can reduce the risk of glaucoma.
If you have difficulty seeing distant objects due to refractive error, consult a specialist.
If you have an eye injury or infection, get treatment immediately, don't ignore it.
If you have problems with daily tasks due to low vision, let us know, we will help.
After cataract surgery, you should rest and take medicine as directed by the doctor.
If glaucoma is not detected and treated in time, vision can be lost.
Pay special attention to hygiene to avoid eye infections.
If you have blurred vision due to refractive error, wear power glasses.
There are special classes in schools to teach children with low vision.
Register your name today for cataract surgery.
Take glaucoma medicine regularly, don't forget.
If you see any problems in your eyes, go to the hospital immediately without neglecting it.
Get checked in this camp to detect refractive error of the eye.
If your eyesight is weak, we can help you.
If your vision is weak because of cataracts, surgery is the best option.
Contact the health post to get checked for glaucoma.
Wash your eyes with clean water to protect them from infection.
Laser surgery is also available for treating refractive errors.
Rehabilitation services are provided for those with low vision.
Don't forget to wear sunglasses after cataract surgery.
Do regular exercise to reduce the risk of glaucoma.
If you have refractive error problems, rest your eyes.
Necessary equipment will be provided to people with low vision.
You will be able to see well after successful cataract surgery.
Glaucoma patients should get their eyes checked regularly.
Stay away from dust and smoke to avoid eye infections.
Wear glasses to avoid headaches caused by refractive errors.
Special educational materials are available for students with low vision.
Take the medicine prescribed by the doctor regularly after cataract surgery.
Glaucoma medicine helps control eye pressure.
If you see an eye infection, go to the pharmacy immediately and buy medicine.
Consult a doctor to solve the problem of refractive error.
There is an arrangement to provide services at home for elderly people with low vision.
Cataract surgery will be free, register your name.
Don't delay glaucoma treatment, go to the hospital on time.
Pay attention to personal hygiene to prevent the spread of eye infections.
People with refractive errors should take extra precautions when driving.
There are various job opportunities for people with low vision.
Get regular eye check-ups for eye protection, avoid cataracts, glaucoma and other problems.
Since coming to the rehabilitation center, he has been very bothered by anxiety, and the medicine hasn't really worked.
Maybe it's because of depression, the patient refuses to eat, it's very difficult.
Since being here, the patient's skin itching problem has increased, maybe because of stress.
It is very difficult to handle patients with schizophrenia, they get very angry.
Counseling services were not effective, patients still seem depressed.
Because psychotherapy is expensive, many patients drop out in the middle.
It would be nice to teach yoga to reduce anxiety, but there is a lack of space.
Even if symptoms of depression appear, the patient refuses to take medication, how to convince them?
Maybe the patient is very stressed, the problem of joint pain has increased.
Problems are arising because families are unable to care for patients with schizophrenia.
Due to anxiety, the patient's toothache problem has increased.
Could depression be affecting the patient's liver?
The patient's skin has become dry due to stress.
The patient has a fever due to anxiety.
I don't feel like meeting and talking to patients with depression.
Because of stress, the patient's joint pain problem has increased.
The schizophrenia patient refused to take medicine.
Since coming here, my anxiety has increased, I feel like going home.
Because of depression, I don't feel like doing anything, this life is useless.
I'm so tired of headaches because of stress.
Because of schizophrenia, people look down on me when they talk.
Dad doesn't agree to get regular checkups, he's always lazy.
Where is the hand washing station in this emergency room, can you please be a bit clearer?
Nobody knows when the health camp is coming to the village, they should inform us.
Even the water in our neighborhood isn't clean, how can we stay healthy?
My son has chest pain, the doctor said we need to test his lungs, but they say there's no equipment here.
My wife has a fever, the doctor gave her paracetamol, but she didn't get better.
Is there adult vaccination available in this hospital, please tell me.
My daughter-in-law has had stomach pain for a few days, should we get her checked for cancer?
Is there a blood pressure checking machine in this emergency room?
My daughter's eyesight is weak, what kind of facilities are available here for eye checkups?
The pharmacies are giving wrong information about vitamin supplements and selling them expensively.
The doctor gave antibiotics, but my son's stomach started hurting even more.
I know I should get regular checkups, but I just can't find the time.
The municipality didn't do anything to control mosquitoes, there are mosquitoes everywhere.
There's no arrangement for safe water here, it's always muddy.
The health workers don't seem to care about hand hygiene, how can they be so careless?
There's no place to sit for people coming to the health camp here.
I don't think the person checking blood pressure checked properly.
It takes so long for cancer testing, how can we wait so long?
There's no eye doctor here for eye checkup, where should I go?
Is there any facility in the emergency room here for patients with muscle pain?
The doctor said I need a skin check, but they say there's no skin specialist here.
My stomach problem isn't getting better, the doctor said I need a stomach x-ray, but there's no facility for that here.
They say the lung testing machine is broken at the hospital here, where should I go?
Even the water they give to patients here isn't clean, how will they get better?
There are so many mosquitoes here, it's going to be even harder for the patients.
There's no regular health checkup arrangement in the village, we always have to go to the city.
I don't think the doctor checked properly at the health camp here.
The blood pressure check gave different reports, which one is correct?
It takes so many days for the cancer test report to come, it's hard to wait so long.
There's a big crowd for eye checkup here, I don't know when my turn will come.
There's no one here to give good information about vitamin supplements.
No one told me about the side effects of antibiotics here.
They called me for a regular checkup but the doctor wasn't even there.
They haven't sprayed medicine for mosquito control, and the mosquitoes are bothering us.
There's no filter for safe water, we're forced to boil water before drinking.
There's no soap and water for hand washing, how are we supposed to clean?
There's not enough medicine for the people who came to the health camp.
I got tired just waiting in line for blood pressure check.
The hospital charged too much money for the cancer test.
The hospital is far for an eye checkup, it's difficult to go back and forth.
There isn't even pain relief medicine for patients with muscle pain here.
The medicine the doctor gave me for my skin problem didn't work.
I came with a stomach ache, and the doctor made me do unnecessary tests.
I have a lung problem, but there's no good treatment here.
Even the waiting area for patient's family isn't clean here.
There's no one to spray mosquito repellent here.
Even though there's a health post in the village, we don't get regular health services.
There's no one to give information about cancer screening.
Antidepressants are not available in the emergency room here.
If someone gets an electric shock, take them to the hospital immediately, don't delay.
This is a pain relief paracetamol tablet, but don't take too much.
It's best to take a snakebite victim to the hospital as quickly as possible.
Should I call an ambulance to take them to the hospital or would it be faster to take them by car, it's hard to figure out!
Do you know what to do when someone has a heart attack?
These days, we hear news of many people having strokes even in the village, so we should pay attention to our diet.
When taking a poisoned patient to the hospital, take some samples with you.
A drowning person should be immediately pulled out of the water and given artificial respiration.
You should immediately pour cold water on a burn.
Don't do anything haphazardly yourself to a patient with a broken arm before taking them to the hospital.
This is an antibiotic medicine, don't take it without a doctor's advice.
Sometimes anaphylaxis can happen due to medicine too, so you should be aware.
Do you know which medicine to take when your joints hurt?
If you have chest pain due to pneumonia, you should see a doctor immediately.
I'm feeling scared, I wonder if this is a symptom of a heart attack?
Accidents are increasing in the village, it's important to be careful.
This is an iron tablet, doctors prescribe it for those with iron deficiency.
I think he might have had a stroke, he needs to be taken to the hospital immediately.
Do you know anything about what to do after someone has taken poison?
What should be done to bring a drowned and unconscious person back to consciousness?
Is there an ointment to put on a burn wound?
A patient with a broken leg should be taken on a stretcher.
Before saving a patient who has been electrocuted, the main switch must be turned off.
If someone has anaphylaxis, they should be given an epinephrine injection immediately.
This paracetamol for pain relief is for kids, but give it only with doctor's advice.
AIDS patients should take this antiretroviral medicine regularly.
Do you know how to give first aid to accident victims?
Do you find antivenom for snake bites here?
What to eat and what not to eat to avoid heart attack?
Do stroke patients need physiotherapy or not?
Is it good to induce vomiting for someone who has taken poison?
What should be done after pulling a drowned person out of the water?
What are the benefits of home remedies for burns?
What kind of bandage should be used when a hand is fractured?
How to bring someone who is unconscious from electric shock back to consciousness?
What should be done to avoid anaphylaxis?
What medicine to use when muscles are sore?
Accident victims should be taken to the hospital immediately.
What home remedies can be done if a snake bites?
If someone has a heart attack, should they be taken to the hospital immediately?
If someone has a stroke, does it become difficult to speak?
If someone takes poison, does their stomach hurt?
For how long should artificial respiration be given to a drowned person?
Can honey be applied to burns?
How long do you need to plaster a broken hand?
Do you feel dizzy after getting an electric shock?
Does anaphylaxis cause chest pain?
Should you rest when your joints hurt?
You should follow traffic rules to avoid accidents.
In this post-earthquake situation, giving vitamin supplements is like preventing disease, but giving a balanced diet is like curing the disease itself.
It's as easy to detect iron deficiency in this lab as it is difficult in rural areas.
Malnutrition used to affect as much as obesity affects now.
It's as easy to increase protein intake in the city as it is difficult in the village.
It is better to eat iodized salt than to take medicine to cure iodine deficiency diseases.
The nutritious food given to a new mother helps strengthen the baby's chest more than other foods.
This medicine benefits the skin, but a balanced diet does even more.
We used to have a lot of malnutrition problems in our village, but now there is not as much because of increased awareness about nutritious food.
Taking vitamin supplements is one way to cure vitamin deficiency diseases, but eating a balanced diet is the best way.
The extra food given to children in the post-earthquake period helps their physical development more than at other times.
Taking iron pills is one way to treat iron deficiency anemia, but eating iron-rich foods is the best way.
There is as much risk of goiter from iodine deficiency as there is of affecting the child's mental development.
The amount of vitamins in the food found in the village may not be the same as in the city.
Protein intake strengthens muscles as much as it increases immunity.
Obesity affects the body as much as it affects mental health.
Malnutrition affects a child's growth as much as it affects their future.
This vitamin supplement helps boost immunity as much as it helps keep the body healthy.
Iron deficiency anemia makes you weak, but iron-rich foods make you strong.
Taking medicine is one option to treat goiter caused by iodine deficiency, but eating iodized salt is the best option.
Nutritious food keeps the body healthy as much as it improves mental health.
Supplementary food helps children gain weight as much as it helps their mental development.
Malnutrition weakens a child's bones as much as it weakens their immunity.
Protein deficiency weakens muscles as much as it makes you feel tired.
Obesity affects the heart as much as it increases the risk of diabetes.
Vitamin deficiency makes the skin dry as much as it can cause hair loss.
It's easy to find out the amount of vitamins in the lab, but it's hard to know if you're getting enough from food at home.
In the post-earthquake situation, this medicine helps cure pneumonia, but cleanliness helps even more.
Malnutrition weakens a child's lungs as much as it can cause breathing problems.
Iron deficiency makes you feel lazy, but eating iron-rich foods makes you feel energetic.
Iodine deficiency makes the goiter bigger as much as it makes it difficult to speak and swallow.
There is a lot more information about balanced diet now compared to before.
Protein deficiency causes weakness in the body, but a balanced diet gives more strength than that.
This vitamin supplement makes the body strong, but a balanced diet keeps you even healthier.
Malnutrition affects a child's brain, but good nutrition develops it even more.
This supplementary food fills a child's stomach as much as it provides nutrition.
Obesity causes so many diseases, but a healthy lifestyle prevents even more.
Iron deficiency causes anemia, but iron-rich foods reduce anemia even more.
Iodine deficiency causes goiter to grow, but iodized salt controls it even more.
Malnutrition stunts a child's physical development, but good nutrition develops them even more.
Supplementary food gives nutrition, and also increases the child's weight.
Obesity affects you so much, but exercise benefits you even more.
Vitamin supplements boost immunity, but a balanced diet boosts it even more.
Malnutrition stunts a child's mental development, but good nutrition develops them even more.
Protein deficiency weakens the body, but protein-rich foods make it even stronger.
Iron deficiency makes the body sluggish, but iron-rich foods give even more energy.
Iodine deficiency causes goiter, but iodized salt prevents it even more.
Now even in villages, there's so much talk about diseases caused by vitamin deficiency, there wasn't before.
Supplementary food helps a child grow, but other food might not do the same.
It's easy to test for protein in the lab, but it's hard to identify protein-rich foods at home.
In this time after the earthquake, children need a balanced diet so much, maybe not so much at other times.
In the post-flood situation, motivate the patients who have come to the rehabilitation center to stay away from alcohol.
Take the painkiller medicine that the doctor gave you regularly to reduce pain, don't forget.
If you crave cigarettes while staying at the rehabilitation center, inform the psychiatrist.
If your joints hurt due to the effect of the medicine, inform the health worker immediately.
Take regular vitamin supplements during your stay here, don't let your body get weak.
If it's hard to quit alcohol, talk openly with a counselor.
Take antidepressant medicine regularly, don't be depressed.
Do yoga and meditation at the rehab center, it helps to get rid of drug addiction.
Smoking affects the lungs, so try to quit cigarettes immediately.
Don't take any medicine without a doctor's advice, especially painkillers.
If you have a stomach ache or any other problem, tell the nurse right away.
If you feel dizzy or lightheaded while taking medicine, rest and ask for help if needed.
Eat healthy food while you're here, stay away from junk food.
Take the iron tablets the doctor gave you regularly, avoid anemia.
Encourage the new patients who come to the rehab center, help them recover too.
Family support is also needed to quit alcohol addiction, so stay in touch with your family.
Ask me if you need more information about quitting smoking, I can help you.
Apply antifungal medicine regularly if you see any problems on your skin.
Exercise regularly, it helps keep your body healthy and keeps you away from drug addiction.
Drink water regularly according to the doctor's advice, avoid dehydration.
If someone pressures you to use drugs, tell me immediately.
Express your feelings, don't keep anything bottled up, a psychiatrist is available.
Follow the rules here and help others too.
Get information about the services available at the de-addiction center and use them.
Get your blood pressure checked regularly, avoid high blood pressure.
If you feel weakness in your body after quitting alcohol, tell the doctor.
If anyone needs emergency help, contact me immediately.
While staying at the rehab center, think positive, stay away from negative thoughts.
If you see any side effects of the medicine, inform the health worker immediately.
Take medicine according to the doctor's instructions, don't change the medicine yourself.
To be free from drug addiction, you need a strong will, so don't lose courage.
Make friends with other patients here, help each other.
Even after returning from the rehab center, come for regular follow-ups.
If you have teeth problems due to smoking, consult a dentist.
If you can't sleep, drink warm milk before going to bed.
Get your eyes checked regularly, smoking affects the eyes.
Alcohol affects the liver, so get your liver checked regularly.
Participate in the recreational activities available here, it will make you feel good.
If someone offers you a cigarette, refuse firmly.
Participate in meditation and yoga classes at the de-addiction center, it helps you stay calm.
Read books from the library available at the rehab center, it helps you gain knowledge.
After being free from drug addiction, make a positive contribution to society.
If you feel lonely, contact me or any health worker.
Keep the environment of the rehab center clean, it helps to keep everyone healthy.
Alcohol and drugs affect the kidneys, so get regular kidney check-ups.
Take the doctor's advice seriously and follow it.
Smoking affects your skin too, so take care of your skin.
Pray at the rehabilitation center, it gives you mental peace.
If you have any questions, don't hesitate to ask, I'm here to help you.
Try to bring positive changes in your stay here and adopt a healthy lifestyle.
Father's asthma has flared up again, this weather is really getting to him.
Mother is annoyed with joint pain, she is suffering from arthritis.
Many people in the village have a cough and cold, is it seasonal flu?
Son is having chest pain, is it a heart problem causing trouble?
Daughter-in-law is not getting relief even after taking thyroid medicine, what to do?
Father-in-law's diabetes has increased and his feet are swollen, we need to take him to the hospital.
Mother-in-law's high blood pressure is not under control, I told her to pay attention to her diet, but she doesn't listen.
Grandson's eyes are itchy and red, it must be because of allergies.
Many people in the village are having difficulty breathing, it seems like the asthma outbreak has increased.
Husband has a burning sensation while urinating, should he get a kidney checkup?
The news of sister having cancer has put the family in mourning, we are worried about how to treat it.
Brother-in-law is very bothered by liver problems, he needs to pay close attention to his diet.
Neighbor is having difficulty walking due to COPD, he needs oxygen.
My mother is having difficulty walking due to bone loss, the doctor said it's arthritis.
Many people in the village have a fever, I'm afraid of an epidemic.
Dad's heartbeat is irregular, we need to show it to the doctor.
Looks like the diabetes medicine isn't working for Mom, her blood sugar is increasing.
Daughter's asthma has increased and she's having trouble sleeping at night, the medicine isn't really working either.
I suspect father-in-law has prostate cancer, he's having trouble urinating so we need to get him checked.
Mother-in-law is gaining weight because of thyroid, what to do?
Many people in the village have kidney problems, is it because of the water?
Husband is getting dizzy from the high blood pressure medicine, we need to inform the doctor.
Sister has a liver problem, the doctor has advised her to rest.
Brother-in-law is suffering from heart disease, we need to take him to the city for treatment.
My mother is very bothered by arthritis, she's having trouble walking around.
Many people in the village have COPD, the dust and smoke has made it worse.
We spent a lot of money on Dad's cancer treatment, how will we manage now?
Mom's vision has become blurry due to diabetes, we need to show it to the doctor.
I haven't been able to give my son asthma medicine regularly, the lack of money has caused problems.
Father-in-law has been weakened by kidney problems, he needs regular dialysis.
Mother-in-law's thyroid has increased and her neck is swollen, the doctor said the medicine needs to be changed.
Many people in the village have a cold and cough, there is no medicine in the health post.
Husband has a headache due to high blood pressure, we need to take him to the hospital immediately.
Sister is getting thinner and thinner due to liver problems, no matter how much she eats.
Brother-in-law's heart disease isn't letting him work, it's hard to manage household expenses.
My mom has arthritis pain and can't sleep all night, what to do?
I'm really worried after finding out my dad has prostate cancer, how to treat it?
Mom has diabetes and it's caused a wound on her foot, it's hard to heal.
My daughter is having a hard time focusing on her studies because of asthma, she's always sick.
My father-in-law has to go far for kidney dialysis, there's a transportation problem.
My mother-in-law has constipation from thyroid medicine, what should I feed her to fix it?
My husband's blood pressure hasn't gone down even after taking high blood pressure medicine, I have to take him to the doctor again.
My sister doesn't feel like eating because of a liver problem, she's getting weaker.
My brother-in-law's heart surgery is going to cost a lot of money, where will I get it from?
My mom has a hard time doing housework because of arthritis, she always says it hurts.
COPD has made it very difficult for my father, I have to arrange for oxygen.
I'm tired of treating my mother's cancer, I have no hope of her surviving now.
My son hasn't been able to go to school because of asthma, I'm afraid his studies will be ruined.
My father-in-law's kidney problem has cost a lot, now there's no money for treatment.
My mother-in-law has gained weight because of thyroid and has difficulty walking, she can't even exercise.
In the post-earthquake situation, ultrasound services are very important for health checkups of pregnant women.
There seems to be some problem in the blood test report, so further investigation is needed.
The doctor has advised to do an ultrasound because of stomach pain.
An ultrasound needs to be done to know the condition of the baby.
Blood tests should be done immediately after labor pains start.
After looking at the X-ray report, the doctor will tell you about further treatment.
To find out if the baby has jaundice, a blood test needs to be done.
The doctor did an ultrasound of the stomach to see if there are gallstones.
Because many people are sick due to the earthquake, everyone needs a health checkup, and blood tests are also necessary.
According to the ultrasound report, the baby's growth is going well.
Because the patient has a stomach ache, the doctor suggested an ultrasound.
Since the amount of hemoglobin in the blood is low, you need to take iron tablets.
The urine test revealed that there was an infection.
The X-ray showed some problems in the lungs.
The doctor did an ultrasound to check the condition of the uterus.
Because of the high fever, the doctor advised a blood test.
There are many benefits to taking iron tablets during pregnancy.
After the stomach pain didn't get better, the doctor gave antiparasitic medicine.
The child should be given vitamin supplements regularly.
A postpartum mother needs iron tablets and calcium.
Because of the headache, the doctor advised taking paracetamol.
Because of the chest pain, an ECG needs to be done.
The sputum test did not show any signs of tuberculosis infection.
Because the child has a stomach ache, the doctor told them to do an ultrasound.
After the earthquake, there was a crowd of people getting blood tests at the health camp.
The doctor advised the pregnant woman to take vitamin supplements.
The kid has worms, so we need to give them anti-parasitic medicine.
After the headache didn't get better, the doctor gave paracetamol.
The baby's position looks good on the ultrasound.
After the urine test showed an infection, the doctor gave medicine.
The X-ray report shows a bone fracture.
The doctor said to get an ultrasound to check the liver size.
Vitamin supplements are necessary to make the child's health good.
Iron tablets prevent anemia.
The doctor gave anti-parasitic medicine and advised to kill the worms.
After the headache didn't get better, the doctor suggested taking paracetamol.
An ECG should be done to find out the heart rate.
TB can be detected by testing the sputum.
It's been so many days since I gave birth, but no one here has said anything about regular checkups.
You talk about vaccinating the child, but no one asks about the adult vaccines that we mothers need.
I don't see much attention given to hand hygiene here, how scary is the risk of infection!
You say the child should be given clean water, but what about the water we drink?
They said to take iron pills after giving birth, but no one here cares.
There doesn't seem to be any initiative for mosquito control here, if this is the case, we'll get a fever right away!
There's no time to go outside for regular checkups, it would be great if there was a camp here!
There's no blood pressure checking here, how to know after going home?
I want to get cancer screening, but nobody even gives advice about it here.
I want to get my eyes checked, but where to go with a baby? It would be easier if there was a camp here.
They should properly explain what to eat and what not to do after giving birth.
Nobody said anything about vitamin supplements here, what to eat and what not to eat?
When I was suffering from labor pains, nobody informed me about the health camp.
When vaccinating the child, they should at least inform the mother about adult vaccines too.
Is there any way to know how clean the water is here?
There are many mosquitoes in the hospital, I'm scared they will bite the baby.
Many people don't even know that they should get regular health checkups even after giving birth.
I'm always afraid of infection because there is no safe water here.
I have to take diabetes medicine, but nobody asked about insulin here.
They should give good information about what medicine is okay to take and what is not during postpartum.
They should also inform those who come here for regular checkups about adult vaccines.
I would be so relieved if I could get my blood pressure checked, but nobody cares here.
There should be a health camp for mothers when they come to vaccinate their children.
Nobody encourages cancer screening here, instead we have to do it outside expensively.
There is no facility for eye checkup here, where should I go to get it checked?
They said I should take iron tablets after giving birth, but nobody gave them here.
There is nobody here to give information about vitamin supplements, what should I eat?
There's not even one health worker here to give information about adult vaccines.
Nobody here told me that you need to get regular checkups even after giving birth.
Nobody here cares about hand hygiene, I'm always scared of infection.
Because there's no safe water here, I'm always scared of getting sick.
There's no effort to control mosquitoes here, how do I protect my child?
There should be blood pressure check for those who come for regular checkups here.
There's no facility for cancer screening here, where should I go to get it done?
I want to get my eyes checked, but nobody here cares.
I didn't get any information here about which medicines are okay to take after giving birth and which aren't.
Many patients here have lung problems, but nothing has been done for prevention.
I'm suffering from joint pain after giving birth, but nobody here is paying attention.
There's no facility to check the liver here either, I have to get it done outside expensively.
I'm always scared of brain problems after giving birth, but nobody here asks about mental health.
You need to take medicine regularly even after giving birth, but nobody here reminds you.
Many people here have diabetes, but there's no one to give information about insulin.
There's a high risk of infection after giving birth, but nobody here asks about antibiotics.
Those who come for regular checkups here should also be given information about vaccines.
Due to the lack of safe water, many people here get diarrhea.
Due to the mosquito infestation, many people here get malaria.
There should be a blood pressure check facility in the health camp here.
There should be a separate department here for cancer screening.
Eye checkup camps should be conducted here regularly.
Everyone here should be informed that iron tablets should be taken after delivery.
My son has a fever and his body is hot, and he's also bleeding from the mouth, what should I do?
There's an outbreak of diarrhea in the village, they said to come to the health post immediately if you see blood in your stool.
My mother is feeling very tired and her nose is also bleeding.
My father is suffering from a headache, he also has a cough, and there's blood in his phlegm.
Taking paracetamol to reduce the fever didn't help, and I've also got rashes on my body.
My wife is feeling nauseous and her gums are also bleeding, is this some kind of infection?
It's probably due to the seasonal flu, my daughter has a cough and her nose is also bleeding.
No one in the village is well, they're all down with fever, some have swollen bodies, and some are vomiting blood.
Doctor, my hands and feet are swollen, my joints are aching, should I get a blood test?
It rained a lot this year, the problem of fever and skin rashes has increased in the village, and some people have also seen blood.
It's hard to work because of fever and fatigue, and I got even more scared after seeing blood in my phlegm.
My mother-in-law is having difficulty breathing and is also bleeding, should I call an ambulance?
My daughter-in-law has rashes on her body and her gums are also bleeding, is this because of pregnancy?
My son's vomiting has decreased after taking this medicine, but his gums are still bleeding.
Even after taking paracetamol for the fever, the headache didn't go away, and my nose is bleeding, what should I do?
Some people in the village have fever, some are vomiting, some have blood in their stool, it's like an epidemic.
Maybe it's because the bones are weak at this age, my father fell and there was a lot of blood from his leg.
After taking the painkiller, I felt better, but the stomach ache and blood in stool problem came back.
After taking the iron tablet, sister threw up and had stomach pain with blood.
My wife has a fever, rashes on her body, and her gums are also bleeding.
There's no doctor at the health post, so it's a problem. Dad is having a hard time vomiting blood.
After taking the inhaler, it was easier to breathe for a while, but I saw blood in my phlegm when I coughed.
The doctor has called for a blood test, maybe because I have a lack of blood in my body, I'm feeling tired.
There is an increased outbreak of fever in the village, with fever, headache, and some people having bleeding gums.
My daughter has a fever, rashes on her body, and her nose is also bleeding.
The old grandpa has a cough and blood in his phlegm, he needs to be taken to the hospital immediately.
It is difficult to take the patient because the health post is far away, we need to call an ambulance, mother is vomiting blood.
I'm gripped by fever, my head is also hurting, and my nose is also bleeding, I need to rest.
Maybe it's because of this seasonal change, many people in the village are sick, some have nosebleeds, some have fever.
The health volunteer has called for a blood test, I'm feeling tired and weak.
There is a shortage of medicine in the village, there is not enough paracetamol even for patients with fever, and some even have bleeding gums.
My mother is having difficulty breathing and her nose is also bleeding, she needs to see a doctor immediately.
Maybe because the fever hasn't gone away, my body is weak, I saw blood in my phlegm when I coughed, I'm scared.
Diarrhea has spread in the village, many people have problems with stomach pain and blood in their stool.
The doctor gave me iron tablets, but it has increased my stomach pain and vomiting, I also saw blood in my vomit.
Maybe it's because of the water change, my daughter has a fever and her gums are also bleeding.
There is no medicine in the health post, even the paracetamol to reduce fever is finished, the patient is vomiting blood.
My father has a cough and blood in his sputum, we need to take him to see a doctor in the city.
My wife is very tired and has nosebleeds, is this anemia?
There's a fever epidemic in this village, many people have fevers and some are bleeding from their gums.
My old grandfather has a bad cough and blood in his sputum, could it be TB?
My son has a fever and his body is hot, he has rashes, and he's bleeding from the mouth, is it dengue?
My mother feels very tired and has nosebleeds, she needs to get a blood test right away.
My father is suffering from a headache, he also has a cough, and blood in his sputum, is it corona?
Many people in the village are sick, some have fevers, some are vomiting, and some have blood in their stool, is this an epidemic?
It rained a lot this year, and problems with fever and skin rashes have increased in the village, some have also seen blood, is it leptospirosis?
There's a problem because there's no doctor at the health post, my father is having trouble vomiting blood, we need to call an ambulance.
The doctor has called for a blood test, maybe it's because of a lack of blood in my body, I'm feeling tired, I should take iron tablets.
The fever outbreak has increased in the village, there are problems with fever, headache, and some people bleeding from their gums, we should contact the health post immediately.
My daughter has a fever, rashes on her body, and a nosebleed, is it rubella?
If you have difficulty breathing, tell the nurse immediately, don't ignore it if your chest feels very tight.
Take the medicine prescribed by the doctor regularly, if you stop in the middle, your asthma may worsen.
If you feel your blood pressure is high, let us know immediately, don't ignore symptoms like headache or dizziness.
Keep checking your sugar levels, if it keeps increasing, you may need further treatment.
Tell the nurse about your joint pain, you may need pain medication.
Do not take any medicine without consulting a doctor, it may have further effects.
Come for regular follow-ups after being discharged from the hospital, don't forget to get a health check-up.
Protect yourself from the cold, you might get pneumonia, especially take care this season.
Stay away from dust and smoke, it can cause more problems in your lungs.
Strictly follow the doctor's instructions to control high blood pressure.
Diabetic patients should pay special attention to their diet, avoid sugary foods as much as possible.
If you see any skin problems, see a doctor immediately, it could be an allergy.
If you feel any discomfort after taking the medicine, inform the nurse, it could be a side effect.
Take thyroid medicine on time, irregularity can cause other problems.
Do the exercises prescribed by the doctor regularly, it keeps the body healthy.
Gargle with warm water before sleeping at night, it relaxes the throat.
Do yoga and meditation to reduce stress, mental peace has a positive effect on health.
Drink plenty of water, it keeps the body hydrated and keeps the kidneys healthy.
If any pain increases or new symptoms appear, report it immediately, don't ignore it.
Follow hospital rules and behave in a way that does not disturb other patients.
Don't hesitate to ask about your illness, talk openly with the doctor.
If you see symptoms of depression, consult a psychiatrist, mental health is also important.
Do not smoke, it badly affects the lungs and increases the risk of cancer.
Do breathing exercises as directed by the doctor, it increases lung capacity.
If you have heart problems, eat less salty food, it increases blood pressure.
Inform your family about your health condition, they can help in an emergency.
If you are allergic to any medicine, inform the doctor, it can cause serious problems.
Get enough sleep at night, sleep relaxes the body and boosts immunity.
Renew your health insurance, it saves you from future expenses.
Don't do any home remedies without a doctor's advice, it can worsen your health.
Measure your blood pressure regularly and keep a record, it helps the doctor.
If you have constipation, eat fiber-rich foods, it improves the digestive system.
Keep your weight under control, obesity can cause many diseases.
If you have diabetes, check your feet regularly, prevent wounds.
Get the vaccine given by the doctor on time, it increases immunity.
Take care of your mental health, stay away from stress and try to be happy.
If you have liver problems, don't drink alcohol, it can further damage the liver.
Brush your teeth regularly, oral health affects overall health.
If you have joint pain, apply hot water, it reduces the pain.
Take the medicine prescribed by the doctor regularly, don't skip it.
Exercise regularly according to the doctor's advice, stay physically active.
Reduce salt intake to avoid high blood pressure, adopt a healthy lifestyle.
To control diabetes, stay away from sugary foods, follow doctor's advice.
If you have thyroid problems, take regular medication, get follow-up checkups.
If you are undergoing cancer treatment, pay attention to your diet as directed by the doctor.
If you have asthma, always keep an inhaler with you, use it immediately if needed.
Drink plenty of water to avoid kidney problems, get regular health checkups.
To keep your liver healthy, stay away from alcohol, and follow your doctor's advice.
If you see a skin allergy, go to the doctor right away and use medicine.
To reduce joint pain, do regular exercise, apply hot water, and take doctor's advice.
Rabies patients are increasing in the village because of dog bites, get vaccinated on time.
To avoid cholera, it's good to drink water only after boiling it, otherwise you could die.
To prevent the spread of typhoid, pay attention to cleanliness, don't be careless.
The hospital is far, but if you suspect leptospirosis, don't delay going to the health post.
If not treated on time, meningitis can also take your life, go to the hospital immediately.
The risk of cold and cough (influenza) is high this season, be careful.
After getting rabies, the muscles become stiff and painful, so get vaccinated immediately after a dog bite.
Cholera outbreaks may increase this year due to increased heat, always boil water before drinking.
If you don't wash a dog bite wound well, the risk of rabies increases, scrub with soap and water.
To avoid typhoid, pay attention to personal hygiene, don't eat food with dirty hands.
Leptospirosis infection is increasing, take safety measures when working in the fields.
Meningitis patients have been found, don't forget to vaccinate children on time.
If you have symptoms of a cold and cough (influenza), rest at home, so it doesn't spread to others.
If you get rabies, symptoms like back pain and headache appear, go to the hospital on time.
Street food like panipuri can cause cholera, it's best not to eat it.
Don't ignore a dog bite, it is very important to get a rabies injection.
If you suspect typhoid, get a blood test immediately, don't delay.
To avoid leptospirosis, wear clothes that cover your hands and feet when working in the fields.
If you see symptoms of meningitis, take them to the hospital immediately, it's a life-threatening disease.
The flu is spreading, pay special attention to the elderly and children.
It's hard to breathe after getting rabies, so get vaccinated immediately if a dog bites you.
To avoid cholera, keep your surroundings clean, don't let garbage pile up.
The risk of rabies has increased in the village, make sure to vaccinate your pet dog.
Typhoid makes you weak, so you should rest and drink plenty of water.
Leptospirosis infection can affect the lungs, get treatment on time.
To avoid meningitis, don't go to crowded places, it spreads easily.
If you have the flu, wear a mask to prevent spreading it to others.
To avoid rabies, don't tease dogs, especially protect children.
To avoid cholera, cook food thoroughly, don't eat raw food.
The health post is always open for rabies vaccination, come if you need it.
To avoid typhoid, always cover water and food, don't let flies buzz around.
To avoid leptospirosis, wear gumboots when working in the fields, keep your feet safe.
To avoid meningitis, pay attention to hygiene, wash your hands regularly.
If you have the flu, drink hot water, rest and take vitamin C.
After getting rabies, you're even scared of seeing water, so get vaccinated on time, save your life.
It's hard to say if this fever is typhoid or malaria without testing.
Malaria showed up in the blood test, let's start the medicine.
There's diarrhea spreading in the village, feels like it might be a cholera outbreak.
My cough isn't getting better, so I suspect TB and need to get my sputum tested.
You have diabetes, so you need to pay special attention to your diet.
Have you been taking your high blood pressure medicine regularly?
Apply this antifungal cream, and the ringworm will heal.
You have a continuous fever, it's good to get tested for dengue.
If you see symptoms like body aches and fever, you might suspect Covid-19.
You seem to have a liver problem, you need to get tested for hepatitis.
This looks like a symptom of leptospirosis, let's do more tests.
The long-term fever might be caused by malaria.
Diabetes patients should take insulin regularly.
Symptoms like high fever and body aches can be a sign of dengue.
You have to take TB medicine regularly, otherwise it won't heal.
You've become weak from diarrhea, get tested for cholera.
Your blood pressure is high, it seems you need to change your lifestyle.
Pay attention to your diet to control diabetes.
Even though the risk of Covid-19 is low now, it's good to take precautions.
This medicine will keep your blood pressure under control.
You need to take medicine for many months to cure TB.
Since you have a continuous fever, I advise you to get tested for dengue.
Having stomach ache and diarrhea, cholera is suspected.
Jaundice is seen, should probably test for hepatitis.
Pay attention to hygiene to avoid the risk of leptospirosis.
Malaria parasites have been found in your blood.
High blood pressure can affect your kidneys.
Tuberculosis can damage your lungs.
The COVID-19 vaccine increases immunity.
Your bones may be weak because of diabetes.
Drink clean water to avoid cholera.
Take good care of wounds to avoid leptospirosis infection.
If you don't take malaria medicine on time, your life could be at risk.
Diabetic patients should get their blood sugar checked regularly.
High blood pressure can cause a heart attack.
If tuberculosis is not treated on time, it will spread to others.
To avoid dengue, you must avoid mosquito bites.
To avoid COVID-19, wear a mask and maintain social distance.
This antifungal medicine reduces skin infections.
ORS does not allow dehydration in the body.
Antiretroviral drugs help AIDS patients live longer.
Typhoid is suspected, so a blood test is needed.
If you're having trouble controlling your diabetes, get it checked again.
High blood pressure medicine can sometimes make you dizzy.
TB medicine can affect your liver, so get regular checkups.
Even after recovering from dengue, you need to rest.
I feel the need for more nutritious food because many malnourished children come to the emergency ward.
Here, we need to provide information about iron-rich foods and medicines to prevent anemia in patients with iron deficiency.
Since vitamin deficiency is starting to appear in patients, the nutrition rehabilitation program needs to be made more effective.
Many patients who have come for treatment in this ward have health problems due to protein deficiency.
Patients who came for treatment in the emergency room have thyroid problems due to iodine deficiency.
I found that patients being treated here have weakened immunity due to lack of a balanced diet.
Obesity is increasing in patients coming to the emergency ward, so it needs to be controlled.
It is important to explain the importance of essential micronutrients to patients.
Malnutrition affects the brain development of children, so it should be identified and treated in time.
Many patients in the emergency ward have bleeding problems, which may be due to vitamin deficiency.
Malnutrition may also be the reason for liver problems in patients undergoing treatment.
I found that nutritional deficiency is a major cause in patients with skin infections here.
HIV-infected patients should be given nutritious food along with antiretroviral drugs.
Patients in the emergency room have fungal infections, so nutrition is needed to boost immunity.
Along with pain relievers, patients need to be informed about a balanced diet.
Patients suffering from malnutrition need to be given more food, but there is not enough here.
Here, many patients are complaining of fatigue and weakness due to iron deficiency.
In the emergency ward, patients with iodine deficiency should be given proper advice to prevent thyroid problems from worsening.
Due to protein deficiency, patients' wounds are healing slowly, so emphasis should be placed on protein-rich foods.
Obese patients should be educated about the importance of regular exercise and a balanced diet.
Here, malnutrition is affecting the growth and development of children.
Patients who need more nutrition should be informed about locally available foods.
I advise patients with vitamin deficiency causing poor eyesight to eat foods rich in vitamin A.
Pregnant women with iron deficiency in the emergency ward should be given iron tablets and nutritious food.
Patients with goiter due to iodine deficiency may need to be advised for surgery.
Here, I advise patients with protein deficiency to eat beans and fruits.
I advise obese patients to eat less fatty and sugary foods.
Malnourished children in the emergency may need to be admitted to the hospital for treatment.
I advise patients with dry skin due to vitamin deficiency to apply vitamin E cream.
Here, I advise patients with iron deficiency to eat foods like spinach and fenugreek.
Malnourished patients who come to the emergency ward need a balanced diet immediately.
I advise patients with iodine deficiency to use iodized salt.
I advise patients who are weakened by protein deficiency to eat eggs and fish.
I advise obese patients to eat foods low in carbohydrates.
For additional nutrition, I advise patients to contact the local health post.
I advise patients with weakened immunity due to vitamin deficiency to eat foods rich in vitamin C.
I suggest iron deficient patients in the emergency ward to get a blood test.
Here, iodine deficiency can affect children's mental development.
I advise patients with muscle weakness due to protein deficiency to exercise regularly.
Many patients in the emergency ward seem to lack a balanced diet.
I advise obese patients to increase fiber intake in their diet.
Children should be vaccinated regularly to avoid malnutrition.
I advise patients with weak bones due to vitamin deficiency to eat vitamin D rich foods.
Iron deficient patients in the emergency ward may need to get iron injections as per doctor's advice.
Iodine deficiency can cause miscarriage, so I advise pregnant women to eat iodized salt.
Patients with water retention in the body due to protein deficiency may need to be hospitalized.
I advise obese patients to do yoga and meditation.
I advise patients to visit the nutrition rehabilitation center for more information on nutrition.
I advise patients with hair loss due to vitamin deficiency to eat biotin-rich foods.
Is it the weather here that's making my asthma worse?, the patient asked.
Have you been taking your high blood pressure medicine regularly?, I asked.
The stomach ache might be due to a liver problem, we need to check, I said.
This joint pain seems like a symptom of rheumatism, see a doctor, I suggested.
Is my foot tingling because my diabetes is high?, an old man asked.
There's a skin allergy, this could also be a side effect of some medicine, I said.
Do you have a thyroid problem?, I asked.
Looks like my stomach problem came back, gotta get it checked again, the patient complained.
I suspect cancer, so we need to do a biopsy, I informed.
I feel like my heart is beating fast, I should get an ECG done, a patient said.
Maybe the kidney problem is causing the urine issue, I guessed.
My joints hurt, it's hard to work, what should I do?, a farmer asked.
Looks like the insulin dose needs adjusting, consult a doctor, I said.
To control high blood pressure, you need to eat less salt, I suggested.
Maybe the asthma is causing the wheezing, a patient said.
Looks like the thyroid medicine isn't working, maybe I need to increase the dose, the patient said.
The rheumatoid arthritis is what caused the fingers to bend, I informed.
We need to start cancer treatment, please prepare, I said.
Is the heart problem getting worse? I need to see a doctor, someone worried.
Maybe the kidney stone is causing the stomach pain, you need to get it checked, I said.
Diabetes might be the reason for the weak eyesight, I said.
It's time to get your liver checked, make some time and come, I said.
The skin itching problem is getting worse, I probably need to take medicine, the patient said.
To reduce rheumatoid arthritis pain, apply warm water, I suggested.
Take your asthma medicine regularly, otherwise it will be difficult, I reminded.
High blood pressure might be causing the headache, I said.
Because of the stomach problem, I don't feel like eating, a patient complained.
The cancer report will take two more days to come, I informed.
There's a problem with the heart valve, you might need an operation, I said.
To prevent kidney failure, you need to pay attention to your diet, I advised.
The thyroid problem might have caused weight gain, I said.
To reduce joint pain, you should do physiotherapy, I suggested.
To control diabetes, you have to stop eating sweets, I said.
For liver protection, you shouldn't consume alcohol, I advised.
To prevent skin infection from spreading, pay attention to hygiene, I said.
Did the arthritis medicine cause side effects?, a patient asked.
Asthma patients should avoid the cold, I advised.
Does the high blood pressure medicine cause dizziness?, the patient asked.
The stomach ulcer might have caused the bleeding, I said.
Cancer treatment is expensive, be prepared, I informed.
To avoid heart disease, you should eat less oily food, I advised.
If the kidney problem keeps increasing, you might need dialysis, I informed.
If the thyroid medicine doesn't work, you might need an operation, I said.
Joint pain has made it difficult to walk, an old man complained.
Diabetes might have weakened the nerves, I said.
The liver problem might have caused the body to turn yellow, I said.
The patient has red rashes on their skin, we need to check if they also have a fever.
This medicine reduces skin rashes but can cause nausea.
The pregnant woman has a cough, her chest should be checked.
The woman in labor is having difficulty breathing.
The newborn has rashes on their body, so a blood test needs to be done.
The patient with a headache might have high blood pressure, should check once.
Can't say if this fever is seasonal flu or something else without testing.
The child is constantly vomiting, should see a doctor immediately.
The elderly patient has joint pain, uric acid should be checked.
The patient's body is swollen, kidney check might be needed.
This medicine reduces the problem of dizziness and nausea.
It is good to take paracetamol when you have a fever.
Advise the patient with a cough to drink warm water.
Treatment should be done immediately to stop the bleeding.
An allergy test may be needed to find out the cause of the rash.
Take this painkiller to reduce the headache.
Drink lemon water to reduce nausea.
Take the medicine prescribed by the doctor to stop vomiting.
Mix honey in warm water and drink it to reduce cough.
Get enough rest and eat healthy food to reduce fatigue.
Use salt water to compress and reduce body swelling.
For bleeding problems, get doctor's advice.
For skin rashes, use medicine as per doctor's advice.
If you have difficulty breathing, go to the hospital immediately.
When you have a fever, you should rest and drink plenty of water.
When you have a headache, you should get enough rest.
When you feel nauseous, you should eat light food.
If you vomit, you should eat liquid foods to prevent dehydration.
When you have a cough, you shouldn't eat too much oily and sweet food.
If you feel tired, you should drink less caffeinated drinks.
When the body is swollen, you should reduce salt intake.
If you have a bleeding problem, you should go to the doctor immediately.
If you see rashes on the skin, you should not apply anti-itch medicine.
If you have difficulty breathing, you should stay away from smoke and pollution.
When you have a fever, you shouldn't eat outside food.
When you have a headache, you shouldn't stay in a noisy place.
When you feel nauseous, you shouldn't stay in a place with strong smells.
The patient has fever and headache, as well as body tremors.
After taking this medicine, the patient has nausea and vomiting problems.
The patient complained of difficulty breathing and chest pain.
In the winter, elderly people often have joint pain problems.
The patient is bleeding, so they need a blood transfusion right away.
We need to do tests to find out what's causing the skin rash.
If a pregnant woman has a fever, it can affect the baby.
Drink plenty of water and rest to reduce your headache.
Too much tiredness weakens the body and increases the chance of getting sick.
This medicine will cure the skin rash, but don't go in the sun.
This medicine to reduce fever can cause nausea as a side effect.
I request all sisters to come to the health camp for cancer screening.
It's good to get regular checkups; it's the best way to prevent disease.
Please, only drink boiled water; it protects you from many diseases.
Wash your hands thoroughly with soap and water from time to time to keep them clean.
If you have high blood pressure, contact the nearest health post.
If you have an eye problem, you can come to the telemedicine center for a checkup.
Come to the health camp and get screened for cervical cancer.
If you get regular checkups, the disease won't get worse.
People over 60 years old should get their eyes checked once a year.
Use the filter distributed by the village council to drink safe water.
Make sure to use mosquito nets to avoid mosquito bites.
Get regular checkups to know the condition of your body.
Did you register for the cancer screening camp or not?
Don't forget to come to this health camp and get your blood pressure checked.
Help control mosquitoes by cleaning around your house.
Everyone should get their health checked regularly.
Always drink clean water to avoid diarrhea.
If you have a cough, get it checked at the health post right away.
If you suspect you have diabetes, come to the health camp and get your blood tested.
Regular health checkups make it easier to detect and treat diseases.
If your eyesight is weak, go to the eye camp and get it checked immediately.
If you have high blood pressure, take your medicine regularly.
Always drink water after boiling or filtering it.
Women should get regular cervical cancer screenings.
Regular health checkups protect against diseases that may occur in the future.
If you have a family history of cancer, get a cancer screening.
Come to the health camp and get a free health checkup.
Everyone should participate in the health camp organized by the village municipality.
Spray medicine around your house to avoid mosquito outbreaks.
Regular health checkups reduce the risk of disease.
Everyone should work together to keep the source of drinking water clean.
It is important to get regular eye exams to protect your eyesight.
If you feel like your blood pressure is high, contact a health worker immediately.
If cancer screening detects the disease, you can get treatment on time.
Get regular health checkups for a healthy life.
Drink only clean and safe water to avoid waterborne diseases.
Be aware to control the epidemic spreading in the villages.
Asthma patients should use inhalers regularly.
If you have mental health problems, you may need to take antidepressant medication.
Apply antifungal cream to avoid skin infections.
If you have worms in your stomach, take antiparasitic medicine.
If you have a cough for a long time, get tested for tuberculosis.
See a doctor immediately if you have a stomach ache.
Smoking increases the risk of lung cancer, so don't smoke.
Get it checked immediately if you have ear pain or hearing loss.
If you have symptoms like headache and dizziness, you may need to get a brain tumor checkup.
You can also prevent cancer by doing yoga and exercise regularly.
I came to the hospital after being annoyed by a toothache, the doctor said I have a cavity.
I'm having trouble eating because of gum disease.
I was very scared when it came to the point of having to extract my tooth.
It seems that dental problems arise when you don't pay attention to oral hygiene.
I'm having trouble sleeping at night because of the toothache.
Because of my stomach ache, I couldn't come for dental treatment today.
I came to the hospital because my tooth was hurting a lot from a cavity.
I'm being bothered by the problem of bleeding gums.
I was scared about what it would be like after having a tooth pulled.
I asked the nurse how to do oral hygiene.
I had heard a lot about fluoride but didn't know how to use it.
I had heard that fluoridated water makes teeth strong.
The doctor said, "You have a cavity.
I came to the hospital after my gums got worse and my teeth started to loosen.
The thought of getting my tooth pulled stressed me out a lot.
If I had paid attention to oral hygiene, this wouldn't have happened.
I've heard that using fluoride makes teeth strong.
I've heard that fluoride ointment protects teeth.
I believe that using fluoride toothpaste makes teeth strong.
I've heard that a lack of fluoride weakens teeth.
I didn't even realize my tooth had a cavity and was hollow.
The problem of bleeding gums really bothered me.
The doctor explained the reason for pulling the tooth well.
Please tell me what to do for oral hygiene.
I came to the hospital after being fed up with the toothache.
If I could drink fluoridated water, my teeth would probably be strong.
This health camp after the flood is like a lifesaver for the villagers, but it's not a replacement for regular checkups.
Health insurance saves you from unexpected costs, but it doesn't mean you won't get sick.
Getting an ambulance on time is very important, but it's even better to get the patient to the hospital on time by any means.
Telemedicine is easy for people in the city, but for villagers, the health post is still the reliable option.
Referral services are necessary for patients with complex conditions, but unnecessarily referring normal patients is a waste of time.
Free health service is a blessing for the poor, but it can't provide the facilities of a private hospital.
Knowing the emergency helpline number is good, but knowing first aid is even more important.
Antidepressants reduce depression, but they don't solve life's problems.
Getting a referral to a lung specialist is good, but regular exercise is an even better solution.
You get a general checkup at a health camp, but for serious illnesses, you have to go to the hospital.
Getting free health service is good, but getting health insurance is better than waiting in line for hours.
An ambulance takes the patient to the hospital, but it can't replace a doctor.
Telemedicine makes it easy to talk to a doctor, but it's not a replacement for a face-to-face checkup.
It's good to go to a big hospital with a referral, but you might still have to wait a long time there.
It's good to come to a health camp for a checkup, but it's even more important to take care of your health regularly.
Health insurance reduces the financial burden, but it doesn't guarantee good health.
With telemedicine, you can consult a doctor from home, but it's less effective than an in-person checkup.
It's good to get treatment at a big hospital with a referral, but it's even more important to get regular checkups at your village health post.
Free health service provides relief to the poor, but it can't meet the needs of all patients.
The advice given by the doctors at the health camp is important, but keeping regular information about your health is even more necessary.
Health insurance covers hospital costs, but it doesn't protect you from unexpected illnesses.
Ambulance service takes patients to the hospital, but it doesn't guarantee timely treatment.
Telemedicine makes it easy to talk to a doctor, but it can't replace a physical exam.
It's good to get a referral to a specialist, but the patient's financial situation should also be considered.
Health camps are a big help for villages, but they can't replace regular healthcare.
Health insurance provides relief from treatment costs, but it doesn't guarantee you won't get sick.
Getting an ambulance service is a matter of luck, but getting the patient to the hospital on time is even more important.
Even though telemedicine makes it easy to consult with a doctor, a direct check-up is more effective.
It's good to go to a big hospital with a referral, but you might still have to wait a long time there.
Antifungal medicine cures skin infections, but it doesn't diminish the importance of cleanliness.
Free healthcare is useful for the poor, but not everyone gets services on time.
It's good to come to a health camp for a general check-up, but it's even more important to consult a doctor regularly.
It's difficult to go to the hospital because of the floods, but telemedicine has provided some relief.
Health camps in the village have helped many, but they are not a substitute for regular healthcare.
Health insurance makes it easier to pay hospital bills, but it doesn't guarantee you won't get sick. So, it's necessary to adopt a healthy lifestyle.
It's good to go to a big hospital with a referral, but it's even more important to know about your health.
After the earthquake, X-ray services are much easier than before, but they still haven't reached everywhere.
Infections that are difficult to detect by blood tests are more likely to be detected quickly by biopsy.
Before, you used to take painkillers for normal pain, but now you have to take regular medicine because of joint pain.
Due to the lack of ultrasound facilities in the village, there is a compulsion to go very far, but this facility is easily available in big cities.
To do a CT scan in government hospitals, you have to wait a long time, but in private, you can do it quickly, but it costs a lot.
A lot of people got their eyes checked at this health camp, but the number of people who got their ears checked was low.
Since the blood test report takes time, the doctor advised to do an ultrasound immediately.
Patients who were taking regular medicine before the earthquake have complained that it is now difficult to get medicine, because it is not as easy as before.
Most people here haven't even heard the name biopsy, but X-ray seems normal.
Before, there was a tradition of giving birth at home, but now most women go to the health post for pregnancy checkups.
After the earthquake destroyed the hospital, there is a shortage of ECG machines, but this facility is available in big hospitals.
Now health workers are going to villages and explaining the importance of sputum testing, it wasn't like this before.
Pregnancy tests are faster in private clinics, but you have to wait a few days in government ones.
The tradition of keeping pain relievers at home like before has decreased, now more people are taking advice from health workers.
After the earthquake, mental problems have increased, so the demand for antidepressant drugs has increased, it wasn't like this before.
Due to the lack of X-ray machines in the villages, there is a compulsion to go to the city, but there are many options in the city.
Before, normal headaches were ignored, but now due to post-earthquake stress, they go for checkups immediately.
Until a few years ago, ultrasound was not even imagined in the village, but now this facility is available in camps.
CT scans are expensive, so not everyone can do them, but X-rays are accessible to many.
After the earthquake, the pressure of patients in the hospital has increased, so it takes a long time for blood test reports to come, it wasn't like this before.
Pregnant women should have regular pregnancy checkups, many people didn't know about this before.
When there were no health posts in the villages, many patients relied on witch doctors, but now the situation has changed after the arrival of health volunteers.
Before the earthquake, there was no such epidemic, so the pressure of patients in the hospital was also low. Now it is difficult to even get a bed.
Previously, only common pain relievers were available at the health post, but now many types of medicines are available.
There are many patients who need to get an MRI for checkup, but it's hard to get a turn because the hospital only has one machine.
Mental stress has increased in many people after the earthquake, so the use of antidepressants has also increased. It wasn't like this before.
Since there is no CT scan facility in the village, patients are forced to go to the city, but there are many options in the city.
The practice of giving birth at home like before is decreasing now, because many facilities are available in health institutions.
After the earthquake destroyed many health posts, there is a shortage of places to do blood tests, it wasn't like this before.
Although ultrasound service is easier now than before, it still hasn't reached remote places.
Pregnant women should have regular pregnancy checkups, but there is a problem because the health post is far in the village.
The sputum of patients suspected of having tuberculosis should be tested, but there is a problem because there is no laboratory in the village.
It is better to adopt natural treatment methods instead of pain relievers, but not everyone may know this method.
Since it takes time for the blood test report to come, the doctor advised to do an ultrasound immediately, which is faster.
Previously, access to health services was limited in the village, but now health volunteers are providing services door to door.
Since there is no CT scan facility in the village, patients are forced to go to the city, but it costs a lot.
Many people had their eyes checked in this health camp, but the number of people who had their teeth checked was low.
Only limited medicines were available at the health post before, but now many types of medicines are available.
Many patients refuse to get tested because the laboratory for sputum test is far away, but it is very important to get tested.
Since the pressure of patients has increased in the hospital after the earthquake, it takes a long time to wait even for an ECG, it wasn't like this before.
Pregnant women should have regular pregnancy checkups, but some women do not know its importance.
Due to the lack of ultrasound service in the village, many women are not able to get tested on time, but this facility is easily available in the city.
Until a few years ago, people had to go to the city for blood tests in the village, but now this facility is available in the camps in the village itself.
Since CT scans are expensive, not everyone can afford them, but X-rays are accessible to many, so the doctor suggested getting an X-ray.
Instead of pain killers, it's better to try home remedies, but in some cases, you have to use medicine.
An infection that's hard to detect with a blood test might be found faster with a biopsy, so a biopsy needs to be done.
Life isn't as easy as it was before the earthquake, so the demand for antidepressant medicine has increased.
Before, there was a lack of health posts in the village, but now health posts have opened in many places.
Instead of going to the city for a pregnancy test, it's better to go to the village health post, because there are free check-ups there.
Tuberculosis can be detected by testing sputum, but many people don't know this.
Many patients are coming in with difficulty breathing after the earthquake, maybe because of pollution.
An elderly patient who came to the rehabilitation center complained of chest pain and difficulty breathing.
I have a continuous cough and difficulty breathing, what should I do?
I've been having difficulty breathing since I got a fever, I wish I could get it checked.
I have a headache and feel nauseous, and on top of that, I'm having trouble breathing.
Many people have felt tired after the earthquake and are also having difficulty breathing.
The injured area is swollen and it's also difficult to breathe.
I'm still having difficulty breathing even after taking medicine, is this a side effect of the medicine?
I'm bleeding and also having difficulty breathing, I need to get to the hospital immediately.
Red rashes have appeared on my body and I'm having difficulty breathing, is this some kind of allergy?
Maybe my asthma has flared up and that's why I'm having trouble breathing, the old medicine isn't working.
I'm feeling dizzy because I'm having trouble breathing.
After the earthquake destroyed the house, the dust made it difficult to breathe.
Because I'm having trouble breathing, I haven't been able to sleep at night.
My heart is hurting and I'm having trouble breathing, we need to call a doctor right away.
Besides having trouble breathing, my chest feels really heavy too.
I'm having trouble breathing, is this a symptom of pneumonia?
Many patients at the rehab center are complaining about having trouble breathing.
I've had a cough for a long time, and now I'm starting to have trouble breathing too.
I have a fever and I'm weak, and I'm also having trouble breathing.
I have a bad headache and I'm having trouble breathing, what's wrong with me?
I feel nauseous and I'm having a lot of trouble breathing too.
Ever since I threw up, I've been having a lot of trouble breathing.
This cough is really bothering me, it's making it hard to breathe.
I'm feeling very tired, so I'm having trouble breathing too.
My legs are swollen and I'm having a lot of trouble breathing.
My nose is bleeding and I'm also having trouble breathing.
I have rashes on my body and I'm having trouble breathing too.
I've had problems with shortness of breath before.
I had trouble breathing so I had to be brought to the hospital.
I'm having trouble breathing, please give me oxygen.
I'm having trouble breathing after being buried in the earthquake and getting out, doctor.
Does the rehab center have oxygen available for patients who are having trouble breathing?
I'm having trouble breathing, could this be a heart problem?
I'm really scared because I'm having trouble breathing.
I'm having trouble breathing, can you take me to the hospital right away?
I'm having trouble working because I'm having trouble breathing.
Is this difficulty breathing because of stress after the earthquake?
I'm having trouble breathing, is it because of this medicine?
I'm having trouble breathing, please call an ambulance for me.
I feel very weak after having trouble breathing.
I'm having trouble breathing, let me rest for a while.
I'm getting very angry after having trouble breathing.
I'm having trouble breathing, I don't feel like doing anything.
I don't feel like living after having trouble breathing.
I'm having trouble breathing, I need to see a doctor.
People who have difficulty breathing should be kept separate in the rehabilitation center.
I feel very uncomfortable after having trouble breathing.
I'm having trouble breathing, I wonder what's wrong with me?
Many people who came to the rehabilitation center after the earthquake have reported having trouble breathing.
Did you guys come to the health camp and get your regular checkup or not?
We have also arranged blood pressure testing here, would you like to get it checked?
Pay attention to hand hygiene, wash your hands thoroughly with soap and water before eating.
There is also adult vaccination available at this health camp, you can get it if needed.
Regular health checkups help detect diseases and treat them on time.
To control mosquitoes, don't let water collect around your house.
If you have a stomach ache problem, it's good to get it checked once.
If you have joint pain, I can give you some pain medication.
Have you had your eyes checked? There is also an eye checkup available at the camp.
Sister, did you come to the health camp and get a cervical cancer test?
You can avoid many diseases by washing your hands regularly, okay?
It's good to come to the health camp and get information about your health condition.
Your blood pressure seems high, you should see a doctor.
Don't miss getting vaccinated by coming to this health camp, okay?
If you eat food without washing your hands properly, you can get worms in your stomach.
Drink safe water, you can avoid diarrhea.
Use a mosquito net to avoid mosquito bites.
Regular health checkups protect you from future dangers.
Women can get breast cancer screening by coming to the health camp.
You can use sanitizer to keep your hands clean.
Have you been getting regular checkups for your health?
If your blood pressure is high, eat less salt.
Did you come to this health camp and get a booster shot?
Children should be given deworming medicine from time to time.
Always drink water only after boiling it, you can avoid cholera.
To control mosquitoes, keep the bushes around the house clean.
Elderly people should take special care of their joints.
Regular health check-ups prevent the disease from worsening.
Cancer can be cured if detected in the early stages.
The habit of washing hands with soap and water protects against many diseases.
Your health check-up has been done for free at the health camp.
You should take medicine regularly to control blood pressure.
Will you come to the camp and get a flu shot?
Water is purified by adding alum to it and drinking.
Wear clothes that cover your body when going to places with lots of mosquitoes.
If your knee hurts, warm it up, you will feel better.
It is good to have a health check-up at least once a year.
Women should have regular cervical cancer screenings.
Teach others about hand hygiene too.
Did you register your name at the health camp?
High blood pressure medicine should be taken regularly, otherwise it will be difficult.
Please provide your name and age before getting vaccinated.
When you have a stomach ache, drink warm water with salt.
Use a filter to purify the water.
To avoid mosquitoes, put screens on your windows.
Eat milk and beans to make your bones strong.
Come to the health camp to learn about cancer.
In the post-flood situation, focus on a balanced diet to avoid malnutrition.
According to the lab report, you have a vitamin deficiency, so take supplements as advised by the doctor.
Iron deficiency can cause anemia, so eat plenty of green leafy vegetables and beans.
Iodine deficiency can cause goiter, so don't forget to use iodized salt.
Eating enough protein makes the body strong, so include protein-rich foods in your diet.
Don't eat too much oily and sugary food, obesity can cause many diseases.
Feed nutritious food to eliminate malnutrition in children.
Since the risk of malnutrition has increased in the flood-affected area, take the assistance provided by the government for additional nutrition.
Get your blood checked regularly to find out the amount of vitamins and minerals.
A balanced diet and regular exercise are necessary to keep your heart healthy.
To keep your liver healthy, eat less fatty food and drink plenty of water.
Due to the flood, you may have diarrhea and dehydration, drink Jeevan Jal.
Diabetic patients may need to take insulin to control blood sugar levels.
AIDS patients should take antiretroviral drugs regularly.
Reduce the use of painkillers to reduce pain, instead find out the cause of the pain and get treatment.
To reduce mental stress, take antidepressant medicine as well as do yoga and meditation.
You have dizziness due to iron deficiency in your body, so take iron tablets.
To prevent malnutrition in children, get them regular health checkups.
May the family members who lost their lives in the floods find strength, and manage nutritious food for the survivors.
Eat different types of grains, fruits, and vegetables to avoid malnutrition.
Pregnant women should regularly take iron and folic acid tablets.
Feed babies only breast milk for 6 months, no extra food is needed.
To reduce obesity, don't eat sugary drinks and junk food.
If you have a vitamin D deficiency, your bones can become weak, so sit in the sun.
If you have an iodine deficiency, you may have thyroid problems.
The risk of malnutrition has increased in flood-affected areas, so feed children nutritious food regularly.
The government has provisions for additional nutritious food for malnourished children.
Pay attention to a balanced diet to avoid deficiency of essential micronutrients in the body.
If you have a protein deficiency, take protein supplements according to your doctor's advice.
As seen in your report, exercise and improve your diet to reduce obesity.
If you see symptoms of malnutrition, contact a health worker immediately.
Regular blood tests can determine if there is a vitamin deficiency in the body.
Iron is needed for the growth and development of children, so feed them iron-rich foods.
Iodine deficiency can affect the mental development of children, so use iodized salt.
Protein deficiency weakens the body, so eat protein-rich foods.
Obesity can lead to diseases like diabetes and high blood pressure, avoid it.
If you are suffering from malnutrition, go to a health facility and get checked immediately.
Because the flood destroyed a lot of food, you might get vitamin deficiency, so be careful.
If you don't have enough iron, you might feel tired to work, so eat iron-rich foods.
Lack of iodine can cause goiters in the neck, get it treated on time.
Protein deficiency can weaken muscles, so eat protein-rich foods regularly.
To avoid obesity, exercise for at least 30 minutes daily.
To avoid the risk of malnutrition in flood-affected areas, seek advice from health workers.
Take the food distributed by the government regularly for extra nutrition.
Eat iron-rich foods to increase the amount of hemoglobin in the blood.
To avoid iodine deficiency, use only iodized salt.
Protein deficiency causes weight loss, so pay attention to protein-rich foods.
To reduce obesity, don't eat fried foods.
Eat plenty of fruits and vegetables to prevent vitamin deficiency.
Balanced diet and regular exercise are essential to avoid malnutrition.
What to say, this water always comes out cloudy, how to drink safe water?
It would be nice to get regular health check-ups, but there aren't even health camps here.
I hear that we should pay attention to hand hygiene, but the water itself isn't clean, how to wash hands?
It would be a relief to many if the government ran an adult vaccination program.
How great it would be if this pharmacy had blood pressure checking facilities!
There aren't even eye doctors here, what to do?
Where should I go for cancer screening, there are no facilities here.
Doctor, I'm so tired of these joint pains, what should I do?
My son has a fever, and it's hard to even find ORS here.
This cough medicine isn't working, should I use an inhaler?
I don't want to take depression medicine because of this stress, but what to do?
My old father is suffering from toothache, but there's no place to get treatment.
When will this mosquito control campaign come, who knows?
Diarrhea is bothering us because there's no safe water.
I'm afraid the disease will get worse because I can't get regular checkups.
When will the health camp be held in the village?
It's hard to find information on where to get adult vaccinations.
There's no one to teach us how to clean our hands.
I don't have money to buy a filter for safe water.
There are so many mosquitoes, I'm afraid of malaria, how to control it?
I have to go to the city for regular health checkups, it costs a lot.
It's been so long since the blood pressure machine broke, no one fixes it.
It's very difficult to go far away for cancer testing.
The eye doctor only comes one day a week, and I couldn't go that day because of work.
It's hard to work because of joint pain, what to do?
You can't even find antiretroviral drugs easily here.
I have to go to the district headquarters just to buy an asthma inhaler.
I'm tired of the side effects of depression medicine, what to do?
My son's teeth have cavities, but there are no dentists.
People who spray mosquito repellent don't come to the village.
There's no one here at the health post to give information about safe water.
It's very difficult to take my father for regular checkups.
It's a problem that there is no arrangement for adult vaccinations in the village.
Even soap and water are not available for hand hygiene.
There is a lot of dirt in the water, how to clean it?
Mosquitoes are biting and making me crazy, what should I do?
You have to wait a long time for a regular health checkup.
I'm forced to always go to the health post to check my blood pressure.
I've heard that it costs a lot of money to get tested for cancer.
My eye problem is getting worse, but it's hard to get treatment.
My knees hurt so much that it's hard to walk, what should I do?
Good antiretroviral medicine is also not available here.
The price of inhalers has increased a lot, it's hard to buy.
I'm still not feeling well even after taking depression medicine, what to do?
I have to go to the city for dental treatment, it costs a lot of money.
No one pays attention to controlling mosquitoes.
I keep having stomach aches because I can't drink safe water.
I don't have money for regular checkups, how can I do it?
We have to go so far to get adult vaccines.
There isn't even a clean water tap to wash hands here.
Mom, feeling dizzy with a fever is normal, but tell me right away if you feel very weak, okay?
Sometimes dizziness comes from headaches too, let's rest and see if it gets better.
If you feel nauseous, drink a little ginger juice, it will help.
If you're vomiting and also dizzy, you might be dehydrated, drink Jeevan Jal.
Sometimes you feel dizzy when you cough too hard.
This happens when you're tired too, please rest.
Check if your feet are swollen, it might help find the cause of the dizziness.
If you see blood, tell me immediately, it could be serious.
If you have rashes on your skin, allergies can also cause dizziness.
Is the dizziness because you're having trouble breathing? It should be checked.
Do you have any kidney problems? That can also cause dizziness.
Weak eyesight can also cause dizziness.
Did you get dizzy while resting because of joint pain?
Did this happen after taking this antifungal medicine?
Antiretroviral drugs can also cause dizziness, be careful.
The fear of falling while walking can also make you feel dizzy, pay attention.
Maybe it's from being weak, I have a fever and I'm also feeling dizzy.
I've had a headache since this morning, that's probably why I feel dizzy.
The nausea is making it really hard, and the dizziness is making it worse.
I felt a little better after taking anti-nausea medicine, but the dizziness hasn't reduced yet.
I felt like I was going to faint from coughing, what should I do?
I'm probably very tired, it's hard to even stand, and I'm feeling dizzy.
My legs are swollen, the doctor told me to rest, but the dizziness is bothering me.
The dizziness might be because of blood loss, I should get it checked immediately.
Did the dizziness start after the rash appeared on your skin?
I feel like I'm getting dizzy because it's hard to breathe.
I didn't know kidney problems could also cause this kind of dizziness.
I need to get my eyes checked, the dizziness is really bothering me.
The joint pain isn't letting me rest, and on top of that, this dizziness is annoying me.
Could this be happening because of the side effects of the antifungal medicine?
If the dizziness is because of the asthma medicine, I should tell the doctor.
Is the dizziness getting worse because of the depression medicine?
I knew antiretroviral medicine could cause dizziness, but I didn't think it would be this bad.
Why am I still feeling dizzy even when I'm resting?
Will the dizziness also decrease after the fever goes down?
The dizziness decreased a little after taking headache medicine.
Is there any way to stop the nausea? The dizziness is driving me crazy.
After vomiting, does the dizziness decrease or increase?
After taking cough medicine, I felt a little less dizzy.
Is the dizziness due to fatigue, or is there some other reason?
After the swelling in the leg decreases, will the dizziness also decrease?
After taking steps to stop the bleeding, the dizziness should also decrease.
After treating the skin rash, the dizziness will probably also be cured.
After treating the problem of difficulty breathing, the dizziness should also decrease.
After doing a kidney test, will the cause of the dizziness be known?
After checking the eye power, will a solution to the dizziness come out?
Even when resting due to joint pain, I am still feeling dizzy, what should I do?
You must tell the doctor if the antifungal medicine caused dizziness.
The pressure of people coming for regular check-ups has increased in the health post, especially the number of people getting their blood pressure tested.
Due to the increased outbreak of diarrhea in the village, I urge everyone to drink safe water.
Many people came to this health camp and got their health checked, some even got cancer screenings.
As joint pain problems have increased in the elderly, I advise using painkillers carefully.
I recommend patients with eye problems to go to a specialist doctor for an eye examination.
Regular health check-ups make it easier to detect diseases, so I request everyone to get regular check-ups.
Take mosquito control measures to avoid mosquito bites during the rainy season.
Special attention should be paid to hand hygiene to protect newborns from infection.
Diabetic patients should have their kidneys checked regularly.
At this health camp, women seemed very interested in cervical cancer screening.
Getting your teeth checked regularly is the best way to keep them healthy.
Getting tetanus shots on time for pregnant women is safe for the baby.
Patients with fever should not be given antibiotics without testing.
To reduce the risk of high blood pressure, pay attention to regular exercise and healthy eating.
Wash your hands thoroughly with soap and water to keep them clean.
Many people who came to the camp showed problems with stomach ache.
A patient with a cough should be checked once before giving antifungal medicine.
A separate room has been arranged for blood pressure screening at this health post.
Regular checkups prevent disease, so take time out for a health checkup.
The village's drinking water source is dirty, so drink water only after boiling it.
The government has made various vaccines available for free for children.
Many patients who came to the health camp were found to have high blood pressure.
I advise asthma patients to take medication regularly.
Regular eye check-ups can help prevent vision problems.
The outbreak of cold and cough has increased this season, so take precautions.
Regular health check-ups can detect the disease in the early stages.
Keep your surroundings clean to avoid mosquito bites.
Hand hygiene can prevent many diseases.
Cancer screening helps detect the disease in its early stages.
Getting your blood pressure checked regularly is important for a healthy life.
Drinking clean water can protect you from many diseases.
Diabetic patients should get their kidneys checked regularly.
Many people came to the health post complaining about toothaches.
If you don't get regular checkups, some diseases can get worse.
Get your eyes checked from time to time, otherwise your vision may weaken.
If you don't pay attention to hand hygiene, you may have stomach problems.
Come to the health post early in the morning for blood pressure testing.
Many people have registered for cancer screening at today's health camp.
Regular vaccination can protect children from many diseases.
Many people have problems with joint pain in old age.
Drink safe water to avoid waterborne diseases during the rainy season.
To avoid high blood pressure, you should reduce your salt intake.
Regular health checkups can help detect diseases before they get worse.
To control mosquitoes, do not allow water to collect around your house.
The habit of washing hands with soap and water protects against many diseases.
If you have any eye problems, get your eyes checked immediately.
Many people participated in the cancer screening camp.
Getting your teeth checked regularly keeps your teeth healthy.
Blood pressure screening is now available in villages too.
I advised those who came to the health camp to get regular checkups.
Because of the pain from the cavity, I feel like I have a fever; it would have been better if I actually had a fever, I could have taken medicine and gotten better.
Maybe it's because I ate too much spice, the toothache has gotten worse; it wouldn't have been like this if I hadn't eaten spice.
Wouldn't it have been better to treat the cavity instead of extracting the tooth?
Doctor, it's hard to sleep at night because of the toothache; I could have tolerated the pain at other times.
Instead of getting a cavity because I didn't pay attention to dental hygiene, it wouldn't have been like this if I had paid attention from the beginning.
How nice it would have been if gum disease had helped strengthen the teeth instead of weakening them!
I have to go to the city because there is no place to treat teeth in the village; it would have been so easy if it was in the village.
Instead of my teeth getting weak because I didn't use fluoride toothpaste, it would have been stronger if I had used it.
Instead of getting a cavity because I didn't clean my mouth, it wouldn't have been like this if I had cleaned it.
It would have been better to get rid of the toothache naturally than by taking medicine.
I would have been very happy if the dentist could have saved the tooth instead of extracting it.
Instead of using warm water to relieve the toothache, would it have healed faster if I had used ice?
It would have been easier to eat if my gums were healthy instead of bleeding.
If I had treated the cavity on time, this problem wouldn't have occurred.
How nice it would have been if my friends had stayed with me instead of running away because of bad breath!
It would have been much better if I could have worked instead of not being able to work because of the toothache.
How wonderful it would have been if I could have eaten easily instead of having difficulty eating because of the tooth problem!
It would have looked better if I had a tooth instead of having an empty space after the tooth was extracted.
How relaxing it would have been if I could have slept soundly instead of not being able to sleep at night because of the toothache!
If I had taken care of my oral hygiene, I wouldn't have gotten cavities.
Instead of missing school because of toothache, I wish I could have gone; my studies wouldn't be affected.
Instead of my teeth being loose because of gum disease, I wish they were strong so I could eat without worry.
Instead of it hurting so much when getting a tooth pulled, I wish it hurt less so it would be easier to bear.
Instead of not tasting food because of toothache, I wish I could taste and enjoy my food; I would be so happy!
Instead of my teeth being weak because of cavities, I wish they were strong; that would be good.
Instead of my teeth being yellow from not taking care of my mouth, I wish they were clean; they would look better.
Instead of coming to the doctor because of toothache, I wish I had come earlier; I wouldn't have this problem.
Instead of enduring the pain of getting a tooth pulled, I wish I could have saved my tooth; I would be so happy.
Instead of my face swelling because of toothache, I wish it was normal; that would be good.
Instead of being embarrassed to smile in front of others because of tooth problems, I wish I could laugh freely; it would be so fun!
Instead of gum disease weakening my teeth, I wish my gums were healthy so my teeth would be strong.
Instead of taking medicine to reduce toothache, I wish home remedies could have cured it; that would be good.
Instead of getting cavities and holes in my teeth, I wish I didn't have holes so food wouldn't get stuck.
Instead of not being able to eat delicious food because of tooth problems, I wish I could enjoy it; it would be so satisfying!
Instead of not being able to concentrate on work because of toothache, I wish I could concentrate and work well; I would have so much progress!
If fluoride made my teeth weak instead of strong, I would be very upset.
If I had gotten a numbing shot before pulling my tooth, would it have hurt less?
Instead of bad breath from gum disease, I wish my mouth was clean; that would be so nice!
Instead of having difficulty breastfeeding because of toothache, I wish I could breastfeed easily so my baby would be full.
If I had paid attention to oral hygiene earlier, instead of neglecting it and getting cavities, this wouldn't have happened.
If the doctor had given me stronger medicine instead of paracetamol for the toothache, would it have healed faster?
How great would it have been if I could have saved my tooth with treatment instead of losing it to decay!
If my gums were healthy instead of bleeding, I could brush my teeth without worry.
How nice would it have been if I could chew food easily instead of having difficulty after the tooth extraction!
If I could have done the housework instead of being unable to because of the toothache, I would have had free time.
It would have been much better if I still had my own tooth instead of having to get a new one to fill the gap after the extraction.
If my mouth was healthy instead of having bad breath from gum disease, I could talk openly with friends.
How peaceful would it have been if I could have slept soundly instead of tossing and turning all night because of the toothache!
If I had paid attention to dental hygiene from the beginning, instead of neglecting it and ending up like this, this wouldn't have happened.
In this post-earthquake situation, pay attention to a balanced diet to avoid malnutrition, otherwise it can have serious health effects.
Children can get various diseases due to vitamin deficiency, so get them tested on time.
Pregnant women are at risk of anemia due to iron deficiency, so take iron tablets regularly.
Iodine deficiency causes goiter and affects the mental development of children, so let's use iodized salt.
Protein deficiency weakens the body and reduces immunity, so eat plenty of protein-rich foods.
Obesity can lead to diseases like diabetes and high blood pressure, so eat a balanced diet and exercise regularly.
Malnutrition hinders the physical and mental development of children, so pay attention to it on time.
Deficiency of micronutrients can cause many problems in the body, so eat plenty of green vegetables and fruits.
If children are not given adequate nutrition, their teeth become weak and are more likely to get cavities quickly.
Excessive consumption of junk food increases obesity and also increases the risk of heart disease.
If you don't exercise regularly, you're more likely to get sick, so stay physically active.
Giving kids too much sweets can cause teeth problems, so give them less sweets.
Not drinking enough water increases the risk of kidney stones, so drink plenty of water throughout the day.
Eating too much oily food can cause fat to build up in your heart arteries, so eat less oily food.
Smoking greatly increases the risk of lung cancer, so don't smoke.
Lack of green vegetables in your diet can cause constipation, so eat enough vegetables.
If children are not vaccinated on time, they are at risk of various infections, so don't forget to get them vaccinated.
Eating stale food can cause diarrhea, so always eat fresh food.
Staying awake too late at night can have negative effects on your health, get enough rest.
Stress can increase high blood pressure and the risk of heart disease, so take steps to reduce stress.
Not getting enough rest weakens the body and reduces immunity.
Feeding babies too much bottle milk can cause tooth decay and malnutrition, so prioritize breastfeeding.
Not washing your hands before eating can cause stomach infections, so always wash your hands before eating.
Walking too much in the hot sun can increase the risk of skin cancer, so go out with an umbrella or sunscreen.
To avoid malnutrition, pregnant women should take iron and folic acid tablets regularly.
If you don't feed your child on time, they may become malnourished, so feed them regularly.
Junk food has low nutritional value, so eating it can lead to obesity and other health problems.
Bacteria in water can cause diarrhea, so drink only boiled or purified water.
If you don't get regular checkups, the disease can get worse, so get a health checkup once a year.
Giving children too much chocolate increases the risk of tooth decay, so give them less chocolate.
Not eating enough protein can cause weak muscles and make your body thin.
Lack of iodine affects kids' brain development, so use iodized salt.
Vitamin D deficiency can weaken bones and cause rickets in children.
Lack of iron causes anemia and is dangerous for pregnant women, so eat iron-rich foods.
Without a balanced diet, your immunity weakens and you're more likely to get infections.
Not enough nutritious food can stunt kids' growth, so give them a balanced diet.
Lack of nutrition weakens the body and reduces your ability to work, so get enough nutrition.
A lack of micronutrients can cause problems like weak eyes and dry skin.
Feeding kids too much sugar increases obesity and the risk of diabetes.
Stopping high blood pressure medicine can suddenly raise your blood pressure and cause serious problems.
Not taking asthma medicine on time can cause breathing problems and even death.
Stopping depression medicine can make mental problems worse, don't stop without a doctor's advice.
Too much painkiller use can cause stomach ulcers, be careful.
To avoid malnutrition, consult a health worker regularly, don't ignore it.
Because fever patients are increasing in the village, I suggested testing for suspected malaria.
These days, high blood pressure (hypertension) is becoming a common problem in older people.
You have to take tuberculosis (TB) medicine regularly, otherwise it's hard to get cured.
There is an increased risk of cholera outbreak in this village, so be careful.
To avoid dengue, wear long-sleeved clothes and don't let water collect around your house.
It is necessary to get vaccinated to protect yourself from Covid-19.
People who work in the fields are more at risk of leptospirosis.
Diabetes patients should pay special attention to their diet.
If you see skin problems, consult a health worker immediately.
Many patients are coming to the clinic with stomach ache problems.
Eating too much painkiller is harmful to health.
Many malaria patients have been found in this village.
Take paracetamol when you have a fever, but see a doctor if it doesn't get better.
Getting regular health check-ups is important for preventing high blood pressure (hypertension).
If you see symptoms of tuberculosis, get tested immediately.
I am worried to hear the news that cholera has spread in the village.
To avoid dengue infection, keep the environment around the house clean.
If you see symptoms of Covid-19, get tested immediately and stay in isolation.
If you suspect typhoid, get a blood test.
To avoid leptospirosis, wear protective clothing when working in the field.
Regular exercise is necessary to control diabetes.
Many old people come to the clinic with bone pain problems.
Use mosquito nets to avoid malaria.
High blood pressure (hypertension) medicine should be taken regularly.
The government provides free medicine to cure tuberculosis.
To control cholera in the village, attention should be paid to the cleanliness of drinking water.
A lot of people are getting sick because of dengue.
Keep social distance to avoid the risk of Covid-19.
Always drink boiled water to avoid typhoid.
Pay attention to personal hygiene to avoid Hepatitis A.
Keep wounds clean to reduce the risk of leptospirosis.
People with diabetes shouldn't eat sweet things.
I suggest elderly people use an inhaler if they have asthma problems.
Go to the health post to get tested for malaria.
Eat less salt to reduce the risk of high blood pressure (hypertension).
If tuberculosis (TB) is not treated on time, it can be fatal.
Wash your hands well before eating to avoid cholera.
Dengue causes joint pain problems.
The Covid-19 vaccine increases immunity.
If you have typhoid, you should rest and drink plenty of water.
If you have hepatitis, you should take medicine according to the doctor's advice.
Antibiotics are used to treat leptospirosis.
You need to change your lifestyle to control diabetes.
Malaria should be checked by getting regular blood tests.
High blood pressure (hypertension) is also called a silent killer.
Tuberculosis (TB) spreads from one person to another.
Antiretroviral medicine helps HIV infected people to live a healthy life.
X-ray exposes the body to radiation, so don't do it repeatedly.
CT scans are expensive, so don't do them without a doctor's advice.
Don't start medication until the urine test report comes.
Taking medicine on your own without a blood test can be even more dangerous.
If you suspect something in the ultrasound report, show it to the doctor immediately.
If the ECG report is not normal, you may need to do further testing.
Wearing jewelry in the MRI machine can cause problems.
You shouldn't panic until the biopsy report comes.
When doing a sputum test, you must give the sputum correctly, otherwise the report may be wrong.
Taking medicine without a pregnancy test can affect the baby.
When doing a dental X-ray, you should wear a protective shield to avoid radiation.
Taking random medicine when you have a stomach ache can affect your liver.
If something seems wrong in the X-ray report, you should be prepared for further testing.
You shouldn't take too many vitamin supplements without a doctor's advice.
Before doing an X-ray, inform them about your health condition.
If you are pregnant, inform the doctor before doing an X-ray.
If there is a problem in the blood test report, consult a doctor immediately.
Inform them if you are allergic to any medicine used during the CT scan.
Ask if you need to be on an empty stomach when doing an ultrasound.
When doing an ECG, remove any metal objects from your body.
MRI can be noisy, so please be patient.
If you need pain medication during a biopsy, tell the doctor.
For a sputum test, use the first sputum of the morning.
If the pregnancy test report is positive, contact the doctor immediately.
Before understanding the X-ray report, don't panic by studying it yourself on the internet.
If there is ambiguity in the CT scan report, you may need to repeat the test.
If an infection is found in the urine test, start treatment immediately.
If the blood test shows high sugar levels, pay attention to your diet.
Follow the instructions given by the doctor during the ultrasound.
Stay still during the ECG, otherwise the report may be incorrect.
If the biopsy site becomes infected, inform the doctor immediately.
If TB (tuberculosis) is detected in the sputum test, take medication regularly.
Even if the pregnancy test report is negative, get re-tested if you suspect anything.
Remove all jewelry and metal objects before taking an X-ray.
You should not drink too much water before an abdominal ultrasound.
There may be a risk of bleeding during a liver biopsy, take precautions.
If a spot is seen on a chest X-ray, further testing may be needed.
Do not use antibiotic medicine without a doctor's advice.
If you have a thyroid problem, get regular blood tests.
If you feel any doubt during the heart ECG, tell the doctor immediately.
If you have difficulty breathing during a lung biopsy, inform the doctor immediately.
Pregnancy tests can give wrong results, so consult a doctor.
If you feel dizzy during a head CT scan, inform immediately.
If protein is seen in the urine test, it could be a kidney problem.
Before getting a CT scan, tell the doctor about your allergies.
Frequent X-rays can increase the risk of cancer.
If the MRI report is unclear, you may need to repeat the test.
You shouldn't take too much paracetamol without a doctor's advice.
It is difficult to identify the disease without a blood test.
Give me some medicine for toothache, I know I should take care of my oral hygiene.
My tooth is loose because of gum disease, should I get it pulled out now?
Give me fluoride toothpaste, the dentist advised me to use this.
I have an inhaler, but my cough hasn't gone away, could a tooth infection be affecting it?
My tooth is very painful because of a cavity, is there any solution at the pharmacy?
How many days does it take for the wound to heal after a tooth extraction, do you have medicine here?
Do you have mouthwash for oral hygiene?
I have a problem with bleeding gums, which medicine should I use to fix it?
It's hard to eat because of the toothache, give me some strong painkiller.
I heard that toothpaste with a high amount of fluoride makes teeth stronger, is that true?
I heard tooth pain can also cause joint pain, is that true?
I don't know what medicine to use after getting cavities.
If you don't take care of your oral hygiene, you might suffer from gum disease, okay?
Do you give a pain-reducing injection when pulling teeth or not?
The dentist advised me to rinse with fluoride water, do you have it here?
Should I take antibiotics to reduce tooth pain or not?
I'm scared, what to do if gum disease keeps getting worse?
Give me medicine to pull teeth, I'm scared to go to the dentist.
Is there any Ayurvedic medicine for oral hygiene?
I had heard that a lack of fluoride weakens teeth.
I can't sleep at night because of tooth pain, what to do?
What kinds of food should I eat to avoid gum disease?
Give me a cream to heal the wound after pulling a tooth.
How many times should I use this medicine for oral hygiene?
Is fluoride toothpaste safe for children or not?
Is there any homemade medicine for tooth pain?
What should I not eat when I have gum disease?
What precautions should I take when pulling a tooth?
Please give me some information about oral hygiene.
What age of people can use fluoride mouthwash?
Are there any natural herbal remedies for toothache?
Are there any home remedies to cure gum disease?
Can I get a pain-reducing injection when extracting a tooth?
For how many days should I use this medicine for oral hygiene?
What to eat and what not to eat to reduce toothache?
My tooth is loose because of gum disease, what to do now?
How to prevent infection when extracting a tooth?
Do I need a doctor's prescription to buy this medicine for oral hygiene?
Does fluoride toothpaste whiten teeth?
What should I do if my toothache doesn't get better?
I have bad breath due to gum disease, what should I do?
What kind of food should I eat after extracting a tooth?
Can pregnant women use this medicine for oral hygiene?
What amount of fluoride is good in toothpaste?
Is it okay to rinse with warm water to reduce toothache?
What should I do if gum disease doesn't get better?
How much does it cost to extract a tooth?
How to use this medicine for oral hygiene?
Does fluoride toothpaste protect teeth from cavities?
As an ambulance driver, I shouldn't forget to get regular checkups, right doctor?
Bringing patients to the hospital, my first priority should be hand hygiene, right?
Where can we get information about using safe water during this pandemic?
Does this hospital have an adult vaccination program that helps people at risk, like ambulance drivers?
Driving an ambulance is very stressful, so it's important to get your blood pressure checked regularly, right?
What kind of hand hygiene materials does the hospital provide?
Are there any rules about how to manage insulin when bringing diabetic patients to the hospital?
Is the hospital planning to organize a health camp where ambulance drivers like us can also get service?
I have back pain from driving the ambulance for a long time, what should I do? Is there pain medication available?
Does the hospital have eye check-up arrangements for ambulance drivers?
Does the hospital distribute iron tablets to its staff?
I get tired from working long hours, what kind of food is good to eat for that?
What should be done to keep the ambulance germ-free during this pandemic?
What things should be considered during a regular health check-up?
Is there a cancer screening facility for people working at the hospital?
Does the hospital provide any stress management training for ambulance drivers?
How has the hospital arranged safe water for ambulance drivers?
Are regular health camps organized for hospital staff?
How to maintain personal hygiene while carrying patients in the ambulance?
What precautions should an ambulance driver take to avoid the risk of corona?
Has the hospital arranged a separate resting place for ambulance drivers?
How to keep my kidneys healthy since I have to go to many places for work?
Where has the hospital put hand hygiene supplies for ambulance drivers?
Does the hospital have a blood pressure checking machine for ambulance drivers?
Where can an ambulance driver like me get information about adult vaccines?
How to take care of mental health in an ambulance driver's job?
Does the hospital provide health insurance to ambulance drivers?
What to do for skin protection while working in the hospital?
Why is regular health check-up necessary for ambulance drivers?
I can't sleep at night due to work stress, what should I do?
Does the hospital provide any training for ambulance drivers for insect control?
Does the hospital provide necessary medicines to ambulance drivers? Like painkillers.
How to protect the eyes while working in the hospital? Where to get an eye check-up?
How has the hospital managed water for ambulance drivers? How to know if that water is safe?
Does the hospital provide free iron tablets to ambulance drivers?
My body aches due to the nature of work, what to eat to strengthen bones?
Is there a cancer screening arrangement for ambulance drivers working in the hospital?
Does the hospital provide information about safe water to ambulance drivers?
Where is blood pressure checked for ambulance drivers?
Are ambulance drivers working in the hospital regularly informed about how to wash their hands?
Has the hospital arranged adult vaccines for ambulance drivers?
Does the hospital organize health camps for ambulance drivers?
How to control insects in the ambulance when carrying patients?
Driving an ambulance gets very dusty, how to protect the skin?
How to keep your eyes safe when driving an ambulance at night?
What to do to reduce stress while working?
Where is safe water available for ambulance drivers?
What kind of programs has the hospital brought for the health of ambulance drivers?
Has the hospital arranged regular eye check-ups for ambulance drivers?
How should ambulance drivers sanitize their hands during the corona pandemic?
The child has a fever and is very weak, please give some medicine.
I'm fed up with headaches, is there any good medicine?
I feel nauseous, what should I eat to feel better?
The child is vomiting, what should I do?
I have a cough and chest pain, please suggest some remedies.
I don't feel like doing any work because of fatigue, what should I eat to feel better?
My leg is swollen, what could be the reason?
There is blood in my stool, is this a serious problem?
There are red rashes on my skin, is this an allergy or something else?
I'm having difficulty breathing, what could be wrong with me?
The fever hasn't gone down, paracetamol didn't work.
What should I eat to reduce headache?
Give me some medicine to stop nausea.
I've vomited a lot, and my body feels weak.
Is there any home remedy to cure a cough?
Give me some vitamin tablets for fatigue.
Do you have ointment for swelling?
What should I do to stop the bleeding?
Do you have antihistamines for rashes?
What should I do immediately if I have difficulty breathing?
My son is really suffering from fever.
My head hurts so much that it's hard to bear.
I don't feel like eating because of nausea.
Vomiting has caused dehydration.
The cough medicine didn't work.
I stayed in bed all day because of fatigue.
What to do to stop the blood?
The skin rash is very itchy.
Should I go to the hospital because I'm having trouble breathing?
The fever keeps coming and going, what should I do?
My head hurts and my vision is blurry.
I feel nauseous and my stomach is upset.
Is there any home remedy to stop vomiting?
It's hard to sleep at night because of the cough.
What food is good to eat to reduce fatigue?
Is it okay to apply ice to the swollen area?
Should I see a doctor for bleeding problems?
I'm feeling very uncomfortable because of the rash.
I'm feeling restless because I'm having trouble breathing.
What tests should I do to find out the cause of the fever?
Is there any Ayurvedic medicine for headaches?
I'm having both nausea and vomiting, what should I do?
Give me some strong medicine for the cough.
If I feel tired, should I rest?
Is it okay to massage the swollen area?
What precautions should I take for bleeding problems?
The medicine the doctor gave me for the skin rash didn't work.
What should I do for difficulty breathing?
I have fever, headache, nausea and vomiting all at once, what could be wrong with me?
I have a fever and I'm very weak here, I suspect it's typhoid.
Maybe it's because of high blood pressure, there are many complaints of chest pain.
There's a lot of diarrhea spreading in this village, I wonder if it's cholera outbreak?
My diabetes is high and my feet are tingling, it's really bothering me.
Because of dengue, my joints hurt so much, it's hard to walk.
Even after taking malaria medicine, I don't feel better, what should I do?
COVID-19 made me very weak, and I'm still having trouble breathing.
I'm so tired of taking TB medicine, there's no sign of getting better.
Due to hepatitis, stomach pain and loss of appetite have increased.
I suspect leptospirosis, I wish I could get tested.
These patients really need vitamin supplements.
Anemia is very common in women, we need to give them iron tablets.
I gave paracetamol because the fever didn't go down and I had a bad headache.
Skin allergies and itching are increasing, we need to give antifungal cream.
Diabetes patients are increasing, we need to suggest lifestyle changes.
To control high blood pressure, you have to take medicine regularly, otherwise it will be difficult.
TB patients are in more trouble because they don't take medicine regularly.
There is a shortage of kits to test for malaria, it's a problem.
The pressure of patients in the hospital is increasing due to dengue.
People are hesitant to get vaccinated against COVID-19.
I've had a stomach ache for many days because of typhoid, what should I do?
Villagers are scared by the news of the cholera outbreak.
To avoid hepatitis, it's important to pay attention to hygiene.
To avoid leptospirosis infection, you should be careful when going to the fields.
My chest pain is increasing, I wish I could get it checked once.
My blood sugar is high, so the doctor advised me to take medicine.
I'm so annoyed by this itchy skin, I need to see a doctor.
I have kidney problems, so it's difficult to pee.
How much benefit do vitamin supplements give to the body?
I'm troubled by stomach pain when I take iron tablets.
Even after taking paracetamol, the fever hasn't gone down, what to do?
Even after applying antifungal cream, the skin allergy hasn't healed.
The diabetes medicine isn't working, I need to see a doctor.
The high blood pressure medicine has increased the problem of dizziness.
The tuberculosis medicine has made my body weak.
After taking malaria medicine, I have a problem with nausea.
Due to dengue, the platelets have decreased, increasing the risk of death.
I'm afraid that the new variant of Covid-19 will cause problems again.
Because typhoid didn't heal, I had to stay in the hospital for many days.
I found out that to avoid cholera, you should boil drinking water.
It seems that it costs a lot to treat hepatitis.
Leptospirosis should be treated as soon as symptoms appear.
Heart problems are making it hard to work.
Blood problems caused spots on the skin.
Kidney stones are causing a lot of pain.
Vitamin deficiency seems to cause a lot of diseases.
I feel weak because of iron deficiency.
I'm afraid that the side effects of paracetamol might cause other problems.
It felt like the antifungal medicine made my allergy worse.
Problems like diabetes, high blood pressure, and TB are increasing in the village.
Driving the ambulance is so stressful that sometimes it's hard to drive.
Nobody cares about suicide prevention in this village, what to do?
Nobody wants to come here for mental health counseling, they are ashamed.
I feel like I can't work anymore because of depression.
It's hard to convince people who drink too much alcohol, what should I do?
This emergency ward is always stressful, I'm fed up.
Always carrying sick people to the hospital, I haven't been able to take care of my own health.
How great it would be if we could run a community mental health program in the village!
Many patients don't take medicine, they are afraid of the 'side effects'.
I feel like I'm alone and nobody understands me.
It's really scary to drive the ambulance at night.
There are so many patients in the hospital that there is no time to rest.
Even the families don't help to bring mental health patients to the hospital.
Even if they know someone has depression in the village, nobody cares.
It's very difficult to save people who have attempted suicide.
People here think mental illness is caused by ghosts.
Seeing patients all the time, I also feel like I'm getting sick.
It's very difficult for people with poor financial conditions to get treatment.
The government should provide some support for mental health.
It's very important to raise public awareness about mental health.
Many young people here use drugs, how do we save them?
Because of the workload, I don't even have enough time to rest.
I think my heart is getting weaker.
Sometimes I even think about suicide, but I control myself.
Because there aren't enough health posts in the village, it's very difficult to get patients to the hospital.
My back has started hurting from carrying patients.
Because of work stress, I can't sleep well either.
People here consider mental illness a matter of shame.
Many people commit suicide because of depression.
I think I'm also becoming mentally ill.
There's no money to buy medicine for mental health, what to do?
I always serve others, but who takes care of me?
Because of poverty, many people don't get good food, that's why they have mental problems.
I think I'll quit this job now, I'm getting too stressed.
Many patients lose their lives because the ambulance service in the village is not good.
Are the necessary check-ups for safe delivery available here or not?
What kind of things should I include in my diet while breastfeeding?
What kind of temporary method is good to use for family planning?
What precautions should be taken to avoid complications after delivery?
Where should I contact immediately if there is heavy bleeding during postpartum?
What kind of treatment should be adopted if there is high blood pressure during pregnancy?
What should be done to avoid uterine prolapse after delivery?
Is there an ambulance available to reach the hospital for safe delivery?
Is there any medicine available here to reduce labor pain?
Who should I meet to get information about family planning?
What foods should not be eaten if there is a problem of constipation during postpartum?
What to do if the lower abdominal pain after delivery does not heal?
How to protect the baby from gas problems while breastfeeding?
What kind of diet should be followed if diabetes is detected during pregnancy?
What measures should be taken to avoid infection during postpartum?
What can be done to reduce mental stress during postpartum?
What kind of facilities has the government provided for safe delivery?
What kind of nutrition does a mother need while breastfeeding?
Where can I find family planning methods?
What medicine can be used to stop postpartum bleeding?
What should be done to avoid the risk of high blood pressure during pregnancy?
What can be done to reduce back pain during postpartum?
For how long after delivery should you not do heavy work?
Which hospital is good to go to for a safe delivery?
For how long after giving birth should you not have sexual intercourse?
It seems like many elderly people have memory problems due to the flood, this could be a symptom of dementia.
His dementia problem is getting worse, family members should pay special attention.
Patients with dementia should be kept in a calm environment, stress can worsen the problem.
Patients with dementia should be kept informed about time and place.
Patients with dementia should only be taken to familiar people and places.
You should talk to patients with dementia in simple and clear language.
I was very scared when a patient bitten by a snake arrived in the maternity ward.
After suddenly fainting and falling, we immediately called an ambulance, suspecting a heart attack.
I ran from the maternity ward to the scene after hearing the news that a child had been electrocuted.
Due to the floods in this monsoon rain, many lives are at risk, drowning incidents may increase.
We tried our best to save the patient who came after consuming poison.
A pregnant woman broke her leg in an accident on the way to the hospital.
Every year in this village, many people die from lightning strikes, and this year there was another tragic accident.
A woman had anaphylaxis due to an allergy and needed immediate treatment.
A woman who came with a problem of blurred vision needed vitamin supplements.
This morning, a farmer was bitten by a snake while working in the field and became seriously ill.
After this medicine didn't work, the doctor changed the antidepressant.
An old man who fell while working in the field and broke his arm had to be taken to the hospital immediately.
An elderly man who was seriously injured in a house fire is still being treated.
A young man who was electrocuted and lost consciousness had to be put on a ventilator immediately.
It was very difficult to save a patient who tried to commit suicide by poisoning.
A person who was seriously injured in a road accident had to have surgery immediately.
A patient who had a heart attack because he didn't get treatment on time died.
A woman who has been taking depression medicine for a long time has improved her health.
We were able to save a child who was drowning and unconscious.
A person died after being bitten by a snake because he could not be taken to the hospital on time.
A patient whose skin was burned by electric shock was immediately brought to the hospital.
After suddenly feeling dizzy and falling, the patient was rushed to the hospital with a suspected stroke.
A patient arrived at the hospital after having difficulty breathing because a fish bone was stuck in his throat.
A patient who had a skin allergy due to a poisonous insect bite had to be given medicine.
During pregnancy, iron tablets should be taken regularly, otherwise anemia can occur.
A patient with a serious head injury in a road accident has been admitted to the ICU.
The farmer who suddenly fainted while working in the field had a heart attack.
A boy who fell from the roof of his house and broke his leg is being treated.
We need to give antihistamine medicine to the patient who came with a skin allergy problem.
It was already late to give the anti-venom injection to the patient bitten by a snake.
A person who became unconscious after drowning in the water was immediately taken to the hospital.
A worker who was seriously injured by electric shock had to be sent to Kathmandu for immediate treatment.
An elderly man suffering from a heart attack was immediately admitted to the hospital.
Doctors tried hard to save the patient who had consumed poison.
A person injured in a road accident has a broken arm.
A boy whose finger was burnt by electric shock was brought to the hospital.
It was difficult to save a woman who was in serious condition due to anaphylaxis.
An elderly man who is paralyzed after having a stroke is undergoing treatment.
A girl's eye is swollen because of a snake bite.
An elderly man broke his rib after falling while working in the field.
A woman who had been taking antidepressants for a long time attempted suicide.
The body of a young man who died by drowning in water has been found.
A woman who was seriously ill after being bitten by a snake was taken to Kathmandu by helicopter.
A young man who fainted due to electric shock had his skin completely burnt.
An ambulance had to be called to take an elderly man who had a heart attack to the hospital.
Hospital staff made a great effort to save a young woman who attempted suicide by consuming poison.
A person with a broken leg from a road accident has been admitted to the hospital; they need immediate surgery.
The tooth decay is really bad; after the tooth is pulled, don't eat hot food until the wound heals.
If gum disease gets worse and your teeth become loose, they might need to be pulled, so see a dentist on time.
If there's a lot of bleeding when you pull a tooth, come to the hospital right away.
After pulling a tooth, don't spit for at least an hour, otherwise the wound will have a hard time healing.
Pay attention to oral hygiene, otherwise the place where the tooth was pulled can get infected.
If you're suffering from a toothache, don't just rely on painkillers, go get it checked.
If you don't use fluoride toothpaste, the chances of getting tooth decay increase.
Before pulling a tooth, diabetic patients should inform about their insulin dosage.
If you have ear pain or swelling after pulling a tooth, consult a doctor immediately.
The tooth extraction wound can get infected and affect the skin, so pay attention.
If you experience stomach problems after pulling a tooth, come to the hospital immediately.
If you have to pull a tooth due to decay, the wound can get infected if you don't rinse your mouth regularly.
If you ignore gum disease, you might end up having to pull your teeth.
If you bleed a lot after pulling a tooth, don't take paracetamol.
If you don't pay attention to oral hygiene, you might have to pull your teeth and other infections can also occur.
If the pain doesn't subside where the tooth was pulled, don't take more painkillers, contact a doctor.
Lack of fluoride can weaken teeth and easily lead to extraction.
Before pulling a tooth, inform us if you are taking any antiparasitic medication.
If you see an ear infection after pulling a tooth, don't ignore it.
If the tooth extraction site doesn't heal, skin problems can flare up.
If you have stomach pain after a tooth extraction, don't just rely on home remedies.
If you had to get a tooth pulled because of cavities, pay attention to oral hygiene, otherwise other teeth may also have problems.
If you had to get a tooth pulled due to gum disease, come for regular follow-ups.
Don't go home after a tooth extraction until the bleeding stops.
Neglecting oral hygiene can cause infection in the tooth extraction wound.
Taking random painkillers when you have a toothache can cause other health problems.
Not using enough fluoride can weaken teeth and lead to extraction.
If you are taking any medications before a tooth extraction, let us know, otherwise complications may arise.
If you experience any ear problems after a tooth extraction, see a doctor immediately.
If the tooth extraction wound gets infected, it can cause skin allergies, so pay attention.
If you have an upset stomach after a tooth extraction, seek medical advice immediately.
If you had to get a tooth pulled because of cavities, pay special attention to oral hygiene, otherwise the infection may spread.
If gum disease worsens and you need to have a tooth pulled, get regular check-ups.
If there is excessive bleeding during a tooth extraction, come to the hospital immediately.
If you don't pay attention to oral hygiene, the extraction site can get infected and cause serious problems.
Excessive use of painkillers when you have a toothache can have negative effects on your health.
Not using fluoride toothpaste can weaken teeth and lead to extraction.
If you don't inform about your health condition before a tooth extraction, the risk may increase.
Don't ignore ear pain after a tooth extraction.
Infection in the tooth extraction site can affect the skin, so be careful.
If you have stomach problems after a tooth extraction, contact a doctor immediately.
If you have to extract a tooth due to cavities, other teeth can also get infected if you don't maintain oral hygiene.
If you have to extract a tooth due to gum disease, consult a dentist regularly.
If you bleed a lot during a tooth extraction, you may feel weak, so rest.
Neglecting oral hygiene can cause infection in the tooth extraction wound and lead to complications.
Taking painkillers randomly when you have a toothache can reduce the effect of other medicines.
Less fluoride use can weaken teeth and lead to extraction, so use fluoride toothpaste.
If you don't inform about your health condition before a tooth extraction, there may be problems with the treatment.
If you have ear problems after a tooth extraction, see a doctor immediately, don't neglect it.
Infection in the tooth extraction site can cause skin allergies, so pay attention to hygiene.
Get this child's growth monitored on time to prevent malnutrition.
If you want to know how to take care of a newborn, I can give you information.
It is safe to give paracetamol if the child has a fever.
It is important to pay attention to hygiene to prevent diarrhea in children.
If any vaccinations are missed, get them immediately, it is important.
Vaccinate your child from time to time, it protects against many diseases.
If the child is not eating well, he/she may become malnourished, see a doctor immediately.
Get the child's growth monitored regularly, it gives information about the child's health.
Which vaccine does this child need? Show me the vaccination card.
I need information about what to feed and what not to feed a child with diarrhea.
I think the child has lost weight, get a growth monitoring done once.
If the child is vaccinated on time, they can be protected from various diseases.
This medicine reduces fever, but don't give it without a doctor's advice.
If the child has pneumonia, they need antibiotics.
Newborn babies need special care to protect them from infection.
Malnutrition can also be a cause of weak muscles in children.
Do you know what foods should not be given to a child with diarrhea?
What kind of food should be fed to protect a child from malnutrition?
You can get information on how to comfort a child when they have a fever.
If the child has a stomach ache, it is better to see a doctor once.
Growth monitoring should be done to find out whether the child's growth and development is going well.
Breastfeeding a newborn regularly is very important.
The dose of paracetamol, a medicine to reduce fever in children, varies according to age.
Feed protein-rich foods to protect your child from malnutrition.
Many programs are being conducted here for child growth monitoring.
Do you have the child's vaccination schedule?
This child is dehydrated due to diarrhea, take them to the hospital immediately.
The child may have anemia, get it checked.
This medicine is for worms, but do not give it without a doctor's advice.
If a child has diarrhea for a long time, take them to the doctor immediately.
What kind of food should I feed my child to gain weight?
What things should be considered while monitoring a child's growth?
When coming for vaccination, be sure to bring your vaccination card.
To protect a newborn from infection, special attention should be paid to hygiene.
To stop diarrhea in children, use only boiled water.
When a child has a fever, what should the temperature of the water be for wiping their body?
To protect a child from malnutrition, use locally available foods.
Regular growth monitoring of a child helps to identify problems in time.
What documents are needed when coming to vaccinate a child? Please inform me.
What do you give a child to eat when they have diarrhea?
When a child has a fever, what dosage of medicine should be given?
Get your child checked regularly to prevent malnutrition.
There is a complaint that a patient who was seriously ill from electric shock lost his life because he was not taken to the hospital on time.
Why is there so much delay in treating electric shock patients in this ICU?
The patient had an electric shock, but the doctor hadn't arrived by the time he was brought here, what kind of negligence is this?
Why wasn't the patient with chest burns from electric shock put on a ventilator immediately?
The electric shock patient is complaining of joint pain, what could be the way to reduce the pain?
Why is it taking so long to bring the electric shock patient who is unconscious back to consciousness?
Special attention should be given to the treatment of a patient whose eyes have weakened due to electric shock, why isn't it being given?
When to refer a patient with teeth falling out due to electric shock to the dentist?
There's a report that the patient's brain is damaged from the electric shock, call the neurosurgeon.
Why is there so much negligence in giving vitamin supplements to a patient who is critical from electric shock?
Why wasn't the required amount of insulin made available on time for the patient who got an electric shock?
Why is the patient who got an electric shock being given such a high dose of iron tablets?
Why the delay in giving antifungal medicine to the patient who got infected from the electric shock?
There is a complaint that the hospital neglected the treatment of a patient seriously injured by electric shock.
Why is it so difficult for the patient who got an electric shock to get a bed?
Why was the patient who is critical from electric shock kept outside when they should have been admitted to the ICU immediately?
Why the delay in giving oxygen to the patient who is unconscious from electric shock?
There is a complaint that the treatment cost for the patient who got an electric shock is too high, can some discount be arranged?
Why did it take so long to put a plaster on the patient's hand that was fractured by electric shock?
There is a complaint that the ambulance did not arrive on time to take the patient bitten by a snake to the hospital.
There is a complaint that a patient who had a heart attack died because they did not receive immediate treatment.
Why was there such a delay in admitting the heart attack patient to the emergency room?
There is a complaint that the neurologist did not see the stroke patient on time.
Why wasn't attention paid to emptying the stomach immediately of the patient who consumed poison?
There is a complaint that the medicine used to treat the patient who consumed poison is not available in the hospital.
Why weren't enough efforts made to save the patient who drowned and became unconscious?
Why was there stinginess in giving pain medication to the patient burned by fire?
Why wasn't the burn patient's dressing done regularly?
There was a problem because the patient injured by electric shock couldn't be taken to the hospital immediately.
Even after getting news that someone fell from electric shock, why was the ambulance late?
There's a complaint that a patient with electric shock had to be turned away because there were no ICU beds available.
There's a complaint that a seriously ill patient with electric shock wasn't taken care of properly.
Should the family of a person who died from electric shock receive compensation or not?
There's a complaint that the hospital doesn't have the necessary equipment for patients with electric shock.
There's a complaint that after bringing the electric shock patient here, the doctor didn't care.
There's a complaint that treatment was a problem because the electric shock patient didn't have money to buy medicine.
There is a complaint that even when an electric shock patient could have been saved, they died due to negligence.
Why weren't relatives allowed to visit a seriously ill patient with electric shock?
There's a complaint that the ambulance driver asked for a lot of money to bring the electric shock patient to the hospital.
Why did the hospital take so long to give the report of the electric shock patient?
There's a complaint that seriously injured electric shock patients don't get free treatment in government hospitals.
There's a complaint that it's expensive to treat seriously ill electric shock patients in private hospitals.
There's a complaint that the hospital made the electric shock patient do unnecessary tests.
Why are you making it so difficult to give a referral to take a seriously ill electric shock patient abroad for treatment?
There's a complaint that treatment wasn't started immediately for the patient who came with anaphylaxis.
When will physiotherapy be arranged for the patient with electric shock whose hand joint hurts?
Why was it so late to give pain medication to the patient with electric shock who has chest burning?
There's a complaint that the municipality didn't help at all after someone got electrocuted and became seriously ill.
It's been so many days since the electrocuted patient was put on a ventilator, and there's a complaint that there's no improvement.
The doctor said to start medicine after looking at Dad's chest x-ray, but I trust Ayurvedic treatment more.
How many times should my sister do physiotherapy to reduce her knee pain?
Please tell me a little about what kind of care a patient needs in the ICU.
Chemotherapy has made Mom very weak, what to do now?
The doctor said surgery is needed, but I'm feeling scared.
We need to pay attention to what we give Dad to eat, his sugar has increased.
How to take care of him at home after being discharged from the hospital?
The antibiotic that the doctor gave should be given on time, otherwise he won't get well.
If it's hard to breathe, you should use the inhaler immediately, right?
Mom has a fever, what dosage of paracetamol should I give?
Grandfather had to have dialysis after his kidneys stopped working.
I should ask the doctor how well this Ayurvedic medicine works.
Can I do physiotherapy even while resting at home or not?
I'm surprised why there's no improvement even after being in the ICU.
The doctor said to make an appointment for the surgery.
After returning from the hospital, Dad should be given homemade food.
The child has diarrhea, how important is it to give ORS?
The medicine the doctor gave didn't have any effect, what to do now?
We should look for Ayurvedic treatment for mother, I believe in that.
Physiotherapy helps to strengthen muscles, right?
How to pay the ICU bill, I don't even have insurance.
How many times do you have to do chemotherapy for this cancer?
What kind of food should be given after surgery?
Teach me how to take care of grandma at home.
The doctor said to give ORS water, but how to make it?
Does antibiotic also cause stomach pain?
I have to use an inhaler because my asthma has increased.
If the fever doesn't go down, how long after should I give paracetamol?
How long do I have to do dialysis, did the doctor say anything?
What are the benefits of taking Ayurvedic medicine?
Is there any pain while doing physiotherapy?
How much time do they give to visit patients in the ICU?
What are the side effects of radiation therapy?
How much does it cost for surgery?
What things should I pay attention to while resting at home?
Can I make something at home instead of ORS?
Will this antibiotic cause an allergy?
Inhaler makes it easier to breathe immediately, right?
Does paracetamol only reduce fever or does it reduce pain too?
How much relief does dialysis give, I wonder?
They say Ayurvedic treatment cures long-term diseases, is that true?
How many days do I need to do physiotherapy, did the doctor say?
When will they probably take [him/her] out of the ICU?
Is there any way to get better without surgery?
What kind of food is easy to feed the patient at home?
How much does ORS water hydrate the body?
Does antibiotics affect other medicines or not?
I don't know how many times to use the inhaler.
Dad used to say, you should take medicine regularly to control high blood pressure.
This medicine reduces the effects of diabetes, but you also have to pay attention to your diet.
The doctor suspects cancer and has called for further tests.
Asthma patients should use inhalers regularly.
Massaging with this oil helps relieve the pain of arthritis.
Have you been taking your thyroid medicine regularly or not?
My sister has a liver problem, so she needs to go to the hospital immediately.
This medicine cannot be given to patients with kidney problems.
To avoid heart disease, you should eat less oily and salty foods.
After the breathing problem worsened, he had to be given oxygen immediately.
Chemotherapy is very effective in cancer treatment.
The doctor prescribed antihypertensive medicine, take it regularly.
My father had to be brought to the hospital because his diabetes increased.
Many people have heart attacks due to high blood pressure.
After seeing kidney problems, dialysis has to be done.
To cure liver disease, you need to rest a lot.
Thyroid problems cause weight gain issues.
Take this medicine to reduce arthritis pain.
Always keep asthma medicine with you, it is needed in emergencies.
COPD patients should be protected from smoke.
Patients with heart problems should not take stress.
Cancer can be cured if detected early.
This medicine helps to control blood pressure.
Diabetic patients should check their sugar levels.
If you have high blood pressure, it is good to eat less salt.
Do not eat foods that are harmful to the liver.
Thyroid medicine balances the amount of hormones in the body.
Arthritis patients should exercise regularly.
Asthma patients should stay away from dust and smoke.
Taking COPD medicine regularly makes breathing easier.
To avoid heart disease, you should adopt a healthy lifestyle.
Cancer treatment is expensive, so it's good to have insurance.
The doctor prescribed high blood pressure medicine for Dad.
Many people in the village have diabetes problems.
If you have kidney problems, you should see a doctor immediately.
To avoid liver disease, you shouldn't drink alcohol.
If you have thyroid problems, get advice from a doctor.
Rheumatism causes pain in the body's joints.
Asthma patients should avoid the cold.
COPD patients may need to be given oxygen regularly.
If your heartbeat is irregular, you should go to the hospital immediately.
Painkillers should be given to reduce cancer pain.
This medicine is very effective for high blood pressure.
After getting kidney disease, you should pay special attention to your diet.
If you have liver problems, the doctor has advised you to rest.
Thyroid medicine can also have side effects, so be careful.
There is a fear that cancer can spread to the body's blood cells.
In this post-flood rehabilitation center, I have kept an ambulance ready to take patients to the hospital.
Here, many patients need an ambulance to get checked at the health camp.
Since knowing the emergency helpline number, many people call and ask for an ambulance.
Some patients complain that it's hard to pay for treatment because they don't have health insurance.
Even though the government provides free health services, not everyone can easily access them.
People coming from the village need to be informed about the referral process.
Since the telemedicine service started, even patients in villages can easily consult with doctors.
Many people said they have to spend a lot of money from their own pocket to buy medicine.
Iron tablets were distributed in the health camp to those who lost their homes due to the flood.
The elderly in the rehabilitation center are suffering a lot from joint pain, call if you need an ambulance.
I put the patient with an eye infection from the flood in the ambulance and took them to the hospital.
An ambulance is on standby to take patients with breathing problems to the hospital immediately.
We had to call an ambulance after many patients complained of increased heart problems.
Many people are mentally stressed because they can't get depression medicine, they need an ambulance to take them to the hospital.
After health workers informed children about the importance of ORS, many started using it.
Those with poor health have been advised to take vitamin supplements regularly.
As an ambulance driver, I have saved many lives by getting patients to the hospital on time.
Patients for whom treatment is not possible in the health camp are sent by ambulance with a referral letter.
The health insurance program has provided great relief to the poor.
There is a need for the government to expand the scope of free health services.
A helpline number is always available to get ambulance service in case of emergency.
Telemedicine service has helped connect patients in remote areas with specialist doctors.
Managing ambulances is important to run health camps in flood-affected areas.
Free ambulance service is available for patients who cannot afford treatment due to financial constraints.
Many patients inquire about health insurance at the rehabilitation center.
The local government should invest more to make the ambulance service effective.
The ambulance is always on standby to provide immediate health services to flood victims.
If patients who come to the health camp need a referral, arrangements are made to send them to the hospital immediately.
Poor and underprivileged families should be encouraged to take advantage of health insurance.
When you call the emergency helpline, we try to provide an ambulance immediately.
The expansion of telemedicine services has provided easy access to healthcare for citizens in remote areas.
We are providing free health services to those affected by the floods at the health camp.
As an ambulance driver, I am always ready to help patients who don't have money to buy medicine.
Those who come to the rehabilitation center for treatment should be made aware of the importance of health insurance.
A certain standard should be established to make the ambulance service more systematic.
Even though it is difficult for the ambulance to reach the flood-affected area, we are making every possible effort.
The rule that you cannot go to the hospital without a referral has caused many problems for patients.
It is necessary to raise public awareness to make the health insurance program effective.
The emergency helpline number should be available 24 hours a day.
Necessary infrastructure should be prepared to extend telemedicine services to every village.
Providing free health services to flood victims is the government's responsibility.
Ambulance drivers should have a risk allowance.
Necessary medicines are distributed free of charge to patients who come to the health camp.
Health insurance should be mandatory for poor and helpless patients.
There should be a toll-free number to call an ambulance in case of emergency.
Many patients are getting healthcare at home through telemedicine services.
Ambulances shouldn't be lacking to run health camps in flood-affected areas.
All citizens should have access to the health insurance program.
Emergency helpline numbers should be widely publicized.
Internet access is necessary to make telemedicine services effective.
It seems like mental stress has increased a lot in women here after the floods, how to manage this?
What is the likelihood of postpartum depression in new mothers, and how to identify it?
Can some suicide prevention programs be run in this area?
How to manage the budget to run community mental health programs in flood-affected areas?
How does postpartum depression in mothers affect the development of the baby?
Does the medicine used to protect newborns from infection have any effect on the mother's mental health?
What can be done to prevent suicidal thoughts in family members whose homes have been destroyed by the floods?
Can training be conducted to provide mental health information to women in flood-affected areas?
Women here are having joint pain problems, is it due to stress?
How to run community-based mental health programs to help women affected by floods overcome depression?
How does a mother's heart problem during pregnancy affect the baby, and how does it affect the mother's mental health?
Women here are having weak eyesight problems, is it due to stress?
Can yoga and meditation camps be conducted to reduce mental stress in pregnant women?
Do medicines used to reduce mental stress affect pregnant women?
Does stress in the mother during pregnancy affect the mental development of the baby?
What can be done for suicide prevention in families displaced by floods?
How to expand community mental health services in flood-affected areas?
Can local health workers be trained to address mental health issues in flood-affected women?
Does anemia in women here increase mental stress?
What kind of programs can be run for suicide prevention for postpartum mothers?
What kind of campaign should be run to provide information about mental health services in flood-affected areas?
What foods should be recommended to pregnant women to reduce mental stress?
How to make the community mental health program more effective in this place?
If your child has a fever, bring them to the hospital immediately, don't ignore it.
If home remedies don't cure a stomach ache, it's best to see a doctor.
If you feel extremely tired, you should rest; ignoring it can increase complications.
If the headache problem gets worse, it is better to see a neurologist.
If you feel nauseous after taking this medicine, stop it immediately.
If there is swelling in the body, eat less salty food.
If you have a cough, drink warm water and avoid the cold.
If the child has difficulty breathing, take them to the hospital immediately.
If you see a rash on your body, see a dermatologist immediately.
If you are bleeding continuously, go to the hospital without delay.
Having a fever at this time could be a danger sign, get it tested on time.
Eating food that's been flooded can cause stomach problems, so be careful.
If you have a headache during pregnancy, don't take it lightly, consult a doctor.
Even if you feel nauseous and don't feel like eating, eat a little bit.
If you have difficulty breathing, you may need oxygen, so be prepared.
If you see swelling, contact the nearest health post immediately.
If your cough doesn't get better, you may need to get tested for TB.
If you feel constantly tired, it's a good idea to get your thyroid checked.
If there's bleeding, give first aid immediately and take them to the hospital.
If you see a rash on your body, you may need to use allergy medicine.
If the fever doesn't go down, be prepared for further testing.
To find out the cause of the headache, you may need to do more tests.
If you're feeling very nauseous, you may need to be hospitalized.
If your stomach pain gets worse, you may even need surgery.
If you have difficulty breathing, you may need a ventilator.
If you're extremely tired, don't work until you rest.
If you see swelling in your body, completely stop eating salty foods.
If you have a cough, stay away from dust and smoke.
If the rash itches, don't scratch it, the infection can get worse.
When you have a fever, eat plenty of liquid foods, to avoid dehydration.
When you have a headache, don't use your phone or computer too much.
When you feel nauseous, rest and don't stress.
When you have a stomach ache, don't eat oily and spicy food.
If you have difficulty breathing, call an ambulance immediately.
If you feel tired, get enough sleep, don't stay up late.
Drink enough water to reduce swelling.
If you have a cough, gargle with warm water and salt.
Press the bleeding area with a clean cloth.
Don't apply any cream on the rash without consulting a doctor.
When you have a fever, don't go outside, you might infect others.
When you have a headache, don't listen to loud music.
When you feel nauseous, don't stay hungry, eat something even if it's a little.
When you have a stomach ache, don't self-medicate, see a doctor.
If you have difficulty breathing, open the doors and windows to let air in.
If you feel tired, reduce your workload and rest.
Don't massage the swollen area, it could cause further damage.
Before surgery, using Ayurvedic treatments might heal the wound faster.
At the rehabilitation center, we consider physiotherapy more effective than normal home remedies.
In most cases, allopathic medicines are more reliable than home remedies to prevent wound infection.
It is better to care for patients with serious injuries in the ICU rather than in the general ward.
For wounds that won't stop bleeding, it's better to go to the hospital right away instead of trying home remedies.
Using paracetamol to reduce fever is considered safer than using home remedies.
Wound dressing at the hospital reduces the risk of infection, but doing it at home can increase the risk.
Ayurvedic medicine heals slowly, but allopathic medicine is more likely to heal quickly.
Instead of dialysis, you can keep your kidneys healthy with Ayurvedic treatment.
Hospital physiotherapy services are more effective than services available at home.
For eye infections, it is safer to use medicine on the advice of a doctor than to use home remedies.
Although Ayurvedic treatment is safer than allopathy, allopathy is better for immediate relief.
For a normal wound, it is better to go to the hospital and get it dressed than to use home remedies.
Taking paracetamol for a fever is more effective than using home herbs.
In serious conditions, it is safer for the patient to be treated in the ICU than at home.
For heart problems, allopathic medicine works faster than Ayurvedic medicine.
Having surgery in a hospital is safer than using home remedies.
Physiotherapy in a hospital setting is more effective than individual physiotherapy sessions.
Home remedies take a long time to heal wounds, but allopathy heals them quickly.
In rehab, yoga gives mental peace compared to physiotherapy.
Physiotherapy after surgery helps you recover faster than resting.
Using antiretroviral drugs is more important than taking vitamin supplements in the treatment of HIV.
Allopathic medicine is more effective than Ayurvedic medicine for diabetic patients.
Applying Ayurvedic medicine to a wound is safer than applying Dettol.
For asthma patients, using an inhaler is more effective than doing home remedies.
For mental health, getting psychiatric service is more effective than doing home remedies.
After complex surgery, ICU care is much more important than normal ward care.
Allopathic medicine is more likely to cure faster than Ayurvedic medicine.
Doing dialysis is less expensive than getting a kidney transplant.
Getting a wound dressing at the hospital is safer than doing it at home.
When you have a headache, taking paracetamol gives faster relief than trying home methods.
For heart problems, allopathic medicine works faster than Ayurvedic medicine.
Physiotherapy causes less pain to the patient than surgery.
Treating a patient in the ICU is safer than treating them at home.
Doing dialysis is easier than getting a kidney transplant.
Paracetamol reduces fever, but vitamin supplements give strength to the body.
Ayurvedic medicine takes time to cure a disease, but allopathy cures faster.
Using an inhaler is more effective for asthma treatment than doing home remedies.
If there is a lack of blood in the body, taking vitamin supplements is more effective than eating home foods.
Has the increased diabetes affected the liver anywhere?
Are you taking medicine regularly to control high blood pressure?
Should you get any tests done to know if you have liver problems or not?
Is there anything else that can be done to reduce arthritis pain?
Has asthma caused any effect on your liver?
Has anyone in your family had liver disease?
What precautions should be taken to avoid getting liver disease?
How likely are patients with heart problems to also have liver problems?
Have you had your thyroid checked?
If there's a liver problem, does it show symptoms like stomach pain?
Is this cough because of COPD or is there some other problem?
Have you noticed any symptoms of cancer?
If there is a liver problem, what could be the reason for yellow eyes?
Are antibiotic medicines useful for liver disease?
Why are diabetic patients more at risk of developing liver disease?
What foods are good to eat to improve liver function?
How effective is this Ayurvedic medicine for liver disease?
How does high blood pressure affect the liver?
Is there a risk of fluid accumulation in the abdomen due to liver problems?
What blood tests should be done to detect liver disease?
Is insulin use safe for liver problems?
What lifestyle changes should be made to keep the liver healthy?
If there is a liver problem, what could be the reason for itchy skin?
Is surgery necessary to cure liver disease?
Is it okay to drink ORS if you have liver problems?
Can liver disease patients take depression medicine?
Does liver disease also affect the kidneys?
If there's a liver problem, what to eat and what not to eat?
Do you have a heart problem from before?
How harmful is drinking alcohol to avoid getting liver disease?
Does arthritis medicine affect the liver?
If there's a liver problem, should I get an abdominal ultrasound?
Is this liver disease hereditary?
If there's a liver problem, does it make it hard to breathe?
Does liver disease affect memory?
If there's a liver problem, does it cause chest pain?
Can liver disease be cured?
Does liver disease cause body swelling?
Does liver disease make it difficult for blood to clot?
Does liver disease weaken bones?
Does asthma medicine affect the liver?
How does cancer treatment affect the liver?
If there's a liver problem, does it cause vomiting?
What are the home remedies for liver disease?
Does diabetes medicine affect the liver?
What kind of exercise should you do if you have liver problems?
Does liver disease affect sexual ability?
Does high blood pressure medicine affect the liver?
Does thyroid medicine affect the liver?
Do you get headaches if you have liver problems?
If you have cataracts, you might lose your vision if you don't get surgery on time, okay?
Eye infections are more likely in the rainy season, so pay special attention to hygiene.
If someone in the community has low vision, contact the health post immediately, don't delay.
If you have problems like itchy or red eyes during the rainy season, get treatment immediately, don't neglect it.
If you suspect glaucoma, get regular eye check-ups, otherwise you risk losing your vision.
If you don't follow the doctor's instructions properly after eye surgery, complications can arise.
Protect your eyes from injury during the rainy season, otherwise the risk of infection increases.
Diabetic patients should have their eyes checked regularly, otherwise there is a risk of retinopathy.
If children have problems like red or itchy eyes, get treatment immediately, don't ignore it.
If you have a refractive error, wear glasses on time, otherwise your eyes will get weaker.
After cataract surgery, do not do anything that puts pressure on your eyes without the doctor's advice.
To avoid eye infections, don't touch your eyes in public places, and if you have to, wash your hands thoroughly.
Reading or using your mobile for a long time in low light can cause eye problems.
If you have symptoms like eye pain or blurred vision, get your eyes checked immediately, don't delay.
If glaucoma is not treated in time, it can cause permanent vision loss, be aware.
If you don't take the eye surgery medicine regularly as the doctor prescribed, the problem can come back.
During monsoon season, insects can get into your eyes while working in the field, so wear protective glasses.
If you see any kind of problem in your eyes, don't just rely on home remedies, consult a health worker immediately.
If you don't remove a mature cataract for a long time, other complex problems can appear.
If your eyesight is weak and distant objects appear blurry, you may have refractive error, get it checked.
You must take glaucoma medicine regularly, if you stop in between, the eye pressure can increase and you can lose your vision.
After eye surgery, avoid dust and smoke, otherwise you may get an infection.
Don't wash your eyes with just any water during the rainy season, there may be a risk of infection.
If any chemical gets into your eyes, wash it with clean water immediately and go to the doctor, don't delay.
Help people with low vision while walking, so they can avoid accidents.
Cataract surgery is free in government hospitals, if you don't know, inquire.
Don't forget to wear the glasses the doctor gave you after eye surgery, otherwise there may be problems with your eyesight.
To prevent the spread of eye infection, pay attention to personal hygiene, such as: don't give your towel to others.
Don't let children use mobile phones too much, their eyes can become weak at a young age.
If you have a refractive error problem, if you don't treat it in time, your eyesight can become weak.
If you get an eye injury or something gets in your eye, go to the health post immediately, don't try to take it out at home.
If you suspect glaucoma, get tested in time, you can avoid blindness.
You should rest after cataract surgery, doing too much heavy work can affect your eyes.
Use a hat or umbrella to protect your eyes from the sun during the rainy season.
After eye surgery, do not use any medicine without the doctor's advice, it may have negative effects.
If you have eye problems, don't just buy medicine from the pharmacy and use it, consult a doctor.
Help people with low vision get on and off public transport.
After cataract surgery, strictly follow the doctor's instructions to protect your eyes from infection.
Get your eyes checked regularly, especially if you have diabetes and high blood pressure.
If you have refractive error, you may have weak eyes and headaches.
To avoid eye infections, don't use other people's makeup.
If you have any problems while taking or applying glaucoma medication, tell your doctor immediately.
After cataract surgery, protect your eyes from the sun and dust, otherwise there may be problems.
If you have any eye problems, contact your nearest health facility immediately.
Help people with low vision to vote at the polling station.
If you have refractive error, be careful when driving or doing other risky work.
To avoid eye infections, wear goggles when swimming in the swimming pool.
Glaucoma medicine can dry out your eyes, so use eye drops as directed by your doctor.
After cataract surgery, do not rub your eyes, it increases the risk of infection.
If you have any kind of eye problem, see a specialist doctor immediately, don't rely on home remedies.
If someone is having suicidal thoughts, take them to the hospital immediately.
If anxiety is getting too high and affecting daily life, counseling is needed.
Take drug users to a rehabilitation center.
Give schizophrenia patients regular medication and call them for follow-up.
Raise awareness about mental health in the community.
Advise them to do yoga and meditation to reduce mental stress.
Share information about suicide prevention helpline numbers in villages.
Before giving counseling to a patient, understand their background well.
Suggest people with anxiety problems not to eat caffeinated substances.
Joint pain problems can also be caused by mental stress, see a doctor once.
Before starting depression medicine, inform them about its side effects.
If you see skin allergies, adopt ways to reduce mental stress.
Advise patients with high blood pressure to do regular exercise to reduce stress.
Don't leave schizophrenia patients alone, they need family support.
If someone has attempted suicide, admit them to the hospital immediately.
Provide counseling services to drug users and help with rehabilitation.
Make people aware not to discriminate against people with mental health problems in society.
Respect the patient's privacy when giving counseling.
If you have trouble breathing and anxiety increases, contact a doctor immediately.
Get enough sleep and eat a balanced diet to reduce stress.
Conduct awareness programs in the community for suicide prevention.
Motivate depression patients to think positively.
Remind schizophrenia patients not to be careless in taking medication.
Identify patients by conducting mental health camps in the village.
Blood pressure may have increased due to mental stress, get it checked regularly.
If depression medicine doesn't work, change medicine after consulting with a psychiatrist.
If you have itchy skin, you can get relief from counseling.
Take anyone who talks about suicide seriously and help them.
Family support is essential to get rid of drug addiction.
If anxiety increases, try to relax by taking deep breaths.
Mental health problems should not be hidden, get treatment on time.
Bring schizophrenia patients to the hospital for regular therapy.
Mobilize volunteers in every neighborhood for suicide prevention.
Talk to a close friend to reduce mental stress.
Don't let depressed people stay alone, keep them busy.
Don't mistreat people who use drugs, they need love and support.
Instill a sense of self-respect in people with mental health problems.
Run mental health education programs in schools for suicide prevention.
Go for a walk in nature to reduce anxiety.
If you see symptoms of depression, don't rely on home remedies, see a doctor.
Help schizophrenia patients to come out of delusions.
Mental stress can also cause joint pain in the body.
Take the person who attempted suicide to a rehabilitation center.
Remove misconceptions about mental health in the community.
Patients with chronic diseases are more likely to be depressed, so get regular checkups.
Free counseling services are available at the district hospital for people with mental health issues.
It's hard to confirm the bone condition until the X-ray report comes, please be patient.
You might have to be on an empty stomach for the ultrasound, so come tomorrow morning.
Something suspicious has shown up on the CT scan report, you might need further testing.
Even though the ECG report looks normal, come to the hospital immediately if you still have chest pain.
If the biopsy report shows cancer, treatment might need to start right away.
Take your diabetes medicine regularly, otherwise it can affect your eyes.
The X-ray shows a bone fracture, so it needs to be plastered immediately, otherwise the problem may worsen.
The ultrasound shows a stone, surgery might be needed if it hurts a lot.
Your ECG report shows some irregularities, consult a specialist for further examination.
The CT scan shows blood clots in the brain, see a neurosurgeon immediately.
The MRI report shows a torn ligament, you might need to do physiotherapy.
The biopsy report shows abnormal cells, further testing is needed immediately.
The urine test shows an infection, take the medicine on time, otherwise it can affect the kidneys.
The sputum test shows TB germs, if you don't take medicine regularly, there is a risk of spreading it to others.
Even if the pregnancy test is negative, get tested again if you see symptoms.
The blood test shows low hemoglobin, so you might need to take iron tablets.
The X-ray shows a problem in the joint, don't lift heavy things and rest.
The ultrasound shows a problem in the uterus, consult a gynecologist.
The ECG shows signs of a heart attack, get admitted to the hospital immediately.
CT scan report shows lung infection, don't smoke.
MRI shows pressure on the nerve, don't take medicine without doctor's advice.
Biopsy shows possibility of cancer, it can be cured if treated on time.
Urine test shows protein, you might need further kidney checkup.
Sputum test shows infection, wear a mask and don't go near others.
Pregnancy test is positive, but come to the hospital immediately if there is bleeding.
Blood test shows increased sugar level, eat less sweet food.
X-ray shows weak bones, eat calcium-rich foods.
Ultrasound doesn't show good baby development, get regular checkups.
ECG shows irregular heartbeat, take less stress.
CT scan shows a tumor, you might need surgery.
MRI shows problem in the spinal cord, don't lift heavy things.
Biopsy shows infection, take medicine regularly.
Urine test shows blood, consult a doctor immediately.
Sputum test shows germs, cover your mouth when coughing.
If pregnancy test is positive, don't forget to take folic acid.
Blood test shows increased thyroid level, you might need to take medicine.
X-ray shows a fracture, you should rest for at least 6 weeks.
Ultrasound shows fat in the liver, don't eat oily food.
ECG shows problem in the heart artery, you might need to do angiography.
The CT scan shows blood clots, you need to start treatment right away.
The MRI shows a torn ligament in the knee, surgery might be needed.
The biopsy suspects cancer, but don't panic until the results are confirmed.
The urine test shows a kidney problem, drink lots of water.
The sputum test shows signs of pneumonia, complications can arise if not treated in time.
During the Covid pandemic, skipping regular checkups can worsen the disease, be careful.
If you don't pay attention to hand hygiene here at the rehab center, the risk of infection increases.
Delaying adult vaccinations can weaken the immune system and cause problems.
If you don't drink safe water, you're likely to get diarrhea.
If you don't take measures to control mosquitoes to avoid dengue, problems can arise.
Not getting your blood pressure checked can increase the risk of high blood pressure.
If cancer screening is not done on time, it becomes difficult to identify the disease.
If you don't get your eyes checked regularly, your vision may weaken.
If you don't get adult vaccinations, your immunity may decrease, so get vaccinated.
Not participating in regular health camps can make it difficult to detect health problems.
If you don't pay attention to hand hygiene, germs can enter the body and make you sick.
If you don't use safe water here at the rehab center, you may have stomach pain.
If you don't control mosquitoes, the risk of dengue increases, so be careful.
If you don't get regular checkups, it may be too late to detect the disease.
If you don't get your blood pressure checked, the risk of heart attack increases.
If cancer isn't identified early, it can be hard to treat, so screening is essential.
If you don't get your eyes checked regularly, vision problems can increase.
If you don't get your ears checked, you might have hearing problems, get it checked on time.
If you don't get your bones checked, they can become weak and break.
If you don't get your skin checked, the risk of diseases like cancer increases.
If you don't get your stomach checked, problems like ulcers can increase.
If you don't use antifungal medicine, skin infections can spread.
If you don't use your inhaler on time, breathing problems can increase.
If you don't use antiparasitic medicine, worms can grow in your stomach.
If you stop taking antidepressant medicine, it can negatively affect your mental health.
If you don't take health precautions during COVID, the risk of infection can increase.
If you don't get regular vaccinations, your immunity is at risk of weakening.
If you don't go to a health camp and get checked, diseases can remain hidden.
If you don't wash your hands with soap and water, germs enter your body and make you sick.
If you don't drink boiled water, you can get a stomach infection.
If you don't take precautions to avoid mosquito bites, the risk of dengue increases.
If you don't get your blood pressure checked regularly, the risk of stroke increases.
If you don't get regular cancer screenings, it's harder to detect the disease.
If you don't get your eyes checked on time, you can lose your vision.
If you don't treat an ear infection, it can affect your hearing.
If you don't take care to make your bones strong, you might have problems in the future.
If you don't protect your skin, the sun can burn you and cause cancer.
Ignoring stomach pain can lead to bigger problems.
Don't use antifungal medicine without a doctor's advice.
If you stop using your inhaler, your asthma problem can get worse.
If you don't take antiparasitic medicine regularly, you can get more worms in your stomach.
Don't stop taking antidepressant medicine without asking your doctor, it will affect you.
If you don't pay attention to cleanliness while staying at the rehab center, you can get skin diseases.
If you don't get regular check-ups, you might not find out about diseases like diabetes.
If you don't come here for regular check-ups, the disease can relapse and become complicated.
If you miss getting vaccinated, your immunity will become weak.
Ignoring cancer screening can increase the risk of disease.
If you don't take high blood pressure medicine regularly, you can have serious problems.
If you don't pay attention to mosquito control, the risk of malaria can increase.
If you don't go to the health camp and get information about your health, you can get sick.
Anxiety is very common in flood-affected patients, how do we manage it?
How great it would be if we could start mental health counseling services in this village!
It's normal for pregnant women to experience depression, but it shouldn't be ignored.
We need to run awareness programs in the community for suicide prevention.
Did you know that this medicine also reduces muscle pain?
Many patients who come here say they have joint pain problems.
Taking vitamin supplements regularly is good for health.
Simple depression counseling service is available at this health post.
Those displaced by the floods may be at increased risk of drug addiction, this should be considered.
Does this medicine affect the liver? A patient had asked.
Community mental health programs can help many people.
Patients with breathing problems may also have anxiety problems.
It is very important to inform the people here about mental health.
Most people consider depression a normal weakness.
We need to spread awareness in every community to prevent suicide.
Joint pain is more common in older people, they need counseling.
The government should allocate a separate budget for mental health.
Is this vitamin supplement safe for pregnant women?
There is a lack of mental health counseling services in rural areas.
People suffering from drug addiction should be sent to rehabilitation centers.
After taking this medicine, I had chest pain and muscle weakness.
Yoga and meditation should be done to reduce anxiety.
Depression patients need love and sympathy.
Hotline numbers should be promoted for suicide prevention.
Community mental health workers need to be trained.
How to manage anxiety during pregnancy?
Regular exercise makes muscles stronger.
Depression is a mental illness, it can be treated.
Does this vitamin supplement give energy to the body?
Mental health counseling helps many people make positive changes.
Drug addiction is ruining young people.
Breathing problems have increased after the flood, this can increase anxiety.
Does this medicine affect the liver?
Family and friends' support is essential for suicide prevention.
Volunteers are needed in the community mental health program.
If a pregnant woman has depression, she should seek counseling immediately.
Anxiety has increased in many people after the flood, they need help.
The newborn baby care center in the district hospital is very busy.
Children who have missed vaccinations should be brought to the hospital immediately.
I have reminded many people that children with diarrhea should be given ORS.
Malnourished children need to be taken to the nutrition rehabilitation center.
An ambulance is always ready to take children with fever to the hospital.
Growth monitoring is done regularly here, so bring your child on time.
Deworming medicine is available for free in the hospital.
Stunting is an increasing problem in children in this area.
Some kids are skinny because of poor health.
Mothers are advised to keep newborns warm.
Since the health post is far for vaccine service, they have to come to the hospital.
Malnourished children are treated here.
Children whose fever doesn't go down should be brought to the hospital immediately.
To prevent diarrhea, you have to pay attention to hygiene.
If growth monitoring is not done on time, the child's health can deteriorate.
Mothers should be informed about giving deworming medicine.
Many children here have started showing signs of stunting.
Skinny children need special care.
There should be no lack of care for newborns.
The arrangement for vaccination in the hospital is easy.
Malnutrition affects the physical development of children.
If there is a fever, paracetamol can be given.
To avoid diarrhea, food must be clean.
A child's growth should be monitored regularly.
Deworming medicine should be given twice a year.
To solve the problem of stunting, nutritious food should be eaten.
To prevent thinness, the child needs plenty of food.
Newborns should be protected from infection.
The number of people coming for vaccination is increasing every day.
Malnutrition negatively affects children's future.
Many children who are seriously ill with fever have been brought to the hospital.
Children with diarrhea should not be delayed in bringing to the hospital.
Regular growth monitoring helps to detect the health status of the child.
Many children are suffering from the problem of worms in the stomach.
The government has introduced various programs to reduce the problem of stunting.
Underweight children need additional nutrition.
Newborns should be brought to the hospital for regular check-ups.
Data of children who have missed vaccination is being collected.
Malnourished children get free treatment in the hospital.
Fever measuring equipment is always available in the ambulance.
If you have diarrhea, you should drink Jeevan Jal.
Health workers come to every house to monitor the growth of children.
Worm medicine is also available at the health post.
The problem of stunting is more prevalent in rural areas.
Children become weak due to being underweight.
Newborns should be fed only breast milk for 6 months.
Everyone should know the vaccination schedule.
There is a separate ward for malnourished children in the hospital.
When bringing kids with fever to the hospital, you have to be extra careful.
Lots of kids are weak because of diarrhea.
Doing chemo in the hospital is way more effective than using Ayurvedic treatment in the village.
Would it be better to try chemo before doing surgery?
Doesn't chemo have a bit more side effects compared to radiation therapy?
Chemo can control cancer faster than home remedies.
Chemo is easier than dialysis, but it's expensive.
We had to do chemo because the oral rehydration solution didn't work.
It would be easier if we could do chemo at home instead of treatment in the ICU.
As a nurse, I think chemo is a much more advanced treatment than allopathy.
I felt much better after chemo than doing physiotherapy to reduce the pain.
I had to do chemo after antibiotics didn't work, and it's so expensive!
Chemo is the last option after antiparasitic medicine doesn't work.
Apparently, the chances of recovery from chemo are lower compared to surgery!
Chemo is much more scientific than herbal treatment in the villages.
Does chemo weaken the body more than radiation therapy?
I heard that chemo cures cancer faster than taking antiretroviral drugs.
Chemo gives immediate relief compared to Ayurvedic treatment.
I find it harder to come to the hospital for chemo than just resting at home.
They used to do chemo, now they've added radiation therapy too, what's the difference?
Doctor said we have to do a blood test before starting chemotherapy.
Ayurvedic treatment might be safer than chemo, but it takes time.
Should we have done surgery before doing chemo?
How safe is it to do both chemo and radiation therapy at the same time?
I feel like it would be better if I could do radiotherapy instead of chemo.
Chemo makes the body weak but cures the disease, home remedies don't do anything.
After chemo, there's a lot of pain in the body, so you should also do physiotherapy.
Because chemo is expensive, we are forced to do dialysis.
If the chemo patient can't drink water, they should be given saline.
It would be much easier if we could do chemo at home instead of in the ICU.
If allopathic medicine doesn't work, then chemo is the last option.
Ayurvedic medicine takes time to cure the disease, but chemo cures it quickly.
Is it better to do chemo to shrink the tumor than to remove it with surgery first?
It is much safer to come to the hospital for chemo than to stay home and do home remedies.
I heard that radiation therapy has fewer side effects than chemo.
You might get satisfaction from home remedies compared to chemo, but it doesn't cure the disease.
Is it better to do dialysis than to do chemo to clean the blood?
After chemo, I feel like I have more energy than drinking oral rehydration solution.
Chemo has saved many patients more than treatment in the ICU.
I doubt that chemo is more effective than allopathic treatment.
Physiotherapy reduces pain, but chemotherapy cures the disease itself.
After antibiotics don't work, chemotherapy is the only option left.
Patients who are not cured by antiparasitic drugs should have chemotherapy.
Surgery removes cancer cells, but chemotherapy kills the remaining cells.
Herbal treatment is cheaper and easier compared to chemotherapy.
I heard that chemotherapy is more painful than radiation therapy.
I heard that chemotherapy cures cancer faster than antiretroviral drugs.
Ayurvedic treatment cures the disease slowly, but chemotherapy cures it quickly.
I feel like resting at home compared to chemotherapy, but the disease must be cured.
They used to do chemotherapy, now the doctor has added radiation therapy too, what difference does it make?
Blood tests should be done before chemotherapy, but this facility is not available in the village.
There is a lot of pain in the body after chemotherapy, so physiotherapy should also be done, but how to manage the expenses?
MRI shows spinal problems better than X-rays.
MRI is considered safer than CT scans for brain examination.
Compared to pregnancy tests, MRI can also detect other diseases.
MRI is not as fast as sputum tests for diagnosing tuberculosis.
MRI does not cut into the body for examination like a biopsy.
A urine test may show an infection, but an MRI will tell if there are stones.
Ultrasound may work in normal conditions, but if there is any doubt, an MRI should be done.
X-rays only show bones, but MRI shows soft tissues along with bones.
CT scans have radiation risk, but MRI doesn't have that fear.
Blood tests might not detect cancer, but MRI can show tumors.
For a child's health, MRI is safer than X-ray.
CT scan is fast, but MRI gives detailed information.
Sputum test for TB is easy, but MRI can show other lung problems too.
Ultrasound shows the baby's condition, but MRI can also find problems in the mother's uterus.
MRI might be more effective than ultrasound for finding kidney stones.
X-ray shows broken bones, but MRI also shows torn ligaments.
For a regular headache, it's better to get an MRI than a CT scan.
Urine test shows infection, but MRI can also find the cause of the infection.
In some cases, MRI helps diagnose diseases without surgery, compared to biopsy.
Testing for TB starts with a sputum test, but MRI clarifies the condition of the lungs.
Pregnancy test only tells you if you're pregnant, but MRI can also show the baby's condition.
Ultrasound is cheap, but MRI gives a lot of information.
X-ray shows pneumonia, but MRI can show other infections too.
MRI can detect some diseases that blood tests don't show.
Ultrasound shows the basic condition of the uterus, but MRI gives detailed information.
Compared to X-ray, MRI clearly shows the condition of soft tissues.
To check the liver condition of patients taking antiretroviral drugs, MRI is better than blood tests.
If blood levels don't increase even after taking iron tablets, you can get an MRI to find other causes.
If antifungal medicine doesn't work, you can do an MRI to know the severity of the infection.
MRI can find the cause of infections that antibiotics don't cure.
An X-ray of the spine gives general information about the bone, but an MRI also tells about the nerves.
An MRI can show even small injuries better than a CT scan of the brain.
For ear infections, an MRI gives a better picture than an X-ray.
For heart problems, an MRI can give more information than an ECG.
In some cases, it's easier to do an MRI before doing a biopsy.
An infection not detected by a sputum test may be detected by an MRI.
After a pregnancy test is positive, an MRI can be done to find out the condition of the baby.
A disease not detected by a blood test can be detected by an MRI.
A urine test might show an infection, but an MRI says how big the stone is.
Although an MRI is more expensive than an ultrasound, it gives a lot of information.
MRI uses safer radiation than X-ray.
Even though a CT scan is faster, an MRI gives much more detailed information.
MRI is safer than X-ray for pregnant women.
A blood test might show an infection, but an MRI can show what kind of infection it is.
An ultrasound might show the baby's general condition, but an MRI shows it in detail.
Many people in the earthquake relief camp have skin itching problems, I wonder if it's because of the water?
Tuberculosis patients are coming to the primary health center for regular medicine.
There are more fever patients in the village, I'm afraid dengue outbreak might increase again.
I'm advising diabetic patients to get regular checkups and pay attention to their diet.
I'm encouraging patients with high blood pressure to eat less salt and take their medicine regularly.
Many people came with back pain problems from living in houses weakened by the earthquake, I gave them pain relief medicine.
There's a risk of cholera spreading in the village this time, it seems we need to pay special attention to sanitation.
I'm advising typhoid patients to drink boiled water and pay attention to personal hygiene.
I'm informing those who haven't been vaccinated against COVID-19 to come to the health center to get vaccinated.
I'm advising people to use mosquito nets and not let water accumulate around their houses to reduce the risk of malaria.
I'm advising jaundice patients to eat less oily food and rest, they might need to get a hepatitis test.
I've given antifungal cream to those with skin infections, and told them to wash regularly with clean water.
The risk of leptospirosis increases during the rainy season, I'm advising those working in the fields to take precautions.
Many people have become depressed due to mental stress after the earthquake, I've given them antidepressant medicine and also providing counseling.
I'm giving pain relief medicine to the elderly who come with joint pain problems.
I've recommended patients with cough and difficulty breathing to get a TB test.
With the increase in heat, many people are experiencing skin allergies.
After the earthquake destroyed their houses, it's become even harder for asthma patients living in tents, I advised them to go to the hospital.
I'm advising the villagers to take precautions to avoid snake bites during the rainy season.
I've suggested wearing long-sleeved clothes and using mosquito nets to avoid dengue.
I'm informing people that not taking diabetes medicine regularly can have serious health effects.
I'm emphasizing the need to change lifestyle to control high blood pressure.
I'm explaining that to cure TB, you have to take medicine regularly, you shouldn't stop in the middle.
To avoid malaria, I request you to keep your surroundings clean and not let water collect.
To avoid Covid-19, I request you to wear a mask and maintain social distance.
To avoid typhoid, I suggest you eat well-cooked food and drink clean water.
To avoid cholera, I'm emphasizing the need to pay attention to personal hygiene.
To avoid jaundice, I'm advising you to stay away from contaminated water and food.
To avoid leptospirosis, I suggest wearing protective clothing when working in the fields.
To avoid skin diseases, I suggest paying attention to personal hygiene and bathing regularly.
To reduce joint pain, I suggest exercising regularly and applying warm water.
For asthma patients, I advise staying away from dust and smoke and taking medication regularly.
To avoid depression, I suggest thinking positively and talking to friends.
Many people are having trouble sleeping after the earthquake, they might need antidepressant medicine.
There is a shortage of painkillers in the health center, we need to request them immediately.
One person in the village has been diagnosed with TB, treatment should be started immediately.
As the dengue outbreak increases, the health center is crowded with patients.
I am requesting in every neighborhood to fill the waterlogged pits and pay attention to cleanliness during the rainy season.
Many women are complaining about menstrual irregularities due to post-earthquake stress.
Since it's very hot this year, I request you to drink enough water and avoid going out in the sun too much.
For those with skin allergies, I am advising not to scratch the itchy areas and keep them clean.
I am advising patients with earthquake-related bone fractures to do physiotherapy.
There is a risk of a new variant of Covid-19 coming, we must take precautions.
The oral rehydration solution is almost finished at the health post, we need to order it immediately.
I'm advising people with high blood pressure to reduce stress and do yoga.
I'm advising diabetic patients not to eat sweets and to exercise regularly.
After the earthquake destroyed houses, many people are forced to live under the open sky, which can have negative health effects.
I'm advising asthma patients to avoid the cold and wear warm clothes.
I am advising typhoid patients not to eat food exposed to flies and to pay attention to hygiene.
Until diarrhea is cured, keep drinking homemade oral rehydration solution, and take dysentery medicine regularly.
To avoid hepatitis, drink only boiled water and pay special attention to hygiene.
If the fever doesn't go down and you suspect typhoid, get a health check-up immediately.
To stop diarrhea and vomiting, drink rice water along with oral rehydration solution, and pay attention to hygiene to prevent cholera.
To avoid rabies, get vaccinated immediately after a dog bite and clean the wound well.
If you see symptoms of meningitis, go to the hospital immediately, it can be dangerous if not treated in time.
Get vaccinated to prevent influenza and use a mask in crowded places.
If you have itchy skin, see a doctor immediately, it could be due to scabies.
To avoid leptospirosis, wear protective clothing when working in the fields and drink only boiled water.
If you see symptoms of dysentery, contact the nearest health post immediately.
Get vaccinated to prevent pneumonia and protect your lungs from dust and smoke.
To avoid typhoid, eat food that is cooked well and drink only boiled water.
To avoid cholera, pay attention to personal hygiene and do not eat food in the open.
Get vaccinated to prevent hepatitis 'A' and avoid using contaminated water.
To avoid rabies, regularly vaccinate your pet dog and stay away from wild animals.
To avoid meningitis, use a mask when going to crowded places and wash your hands regularly.
If you have flu symptoms, rest and drink plenty of fluids.
To avoid scabies, pay attention to personal hygiene and do not use other people's clothes.
To avoid leptospirosis, wear gloves and gumboots when working in the fields.
To avoid dysentery, boil water before drinking and wash your hands thoroughly before eating.
Take these iron tablets regularly, it will prevent anemia in your body.
If you have diarrhea, drink Jeevan Jal and take dysentery medicine on time.
To avoid hepatitis, cook food thoroughly and pay attention to cleanliness.
If you have a fever, take paracetamol and get tested for typhoid.
To avoid cholera, drink only boiled water and do not eat stale food.
To avoid rabies, wash the dog bite wound thoroughly with soap and water.
If you suspect meningitis, go to the hospital immediately for examination.
To avoid the flu, wear a mask in crowded places and cover your mouth when coughing or sneezing.
To avoid scabies, do not use other people's clothes and towels.
To avoid leptospirosis, do not go to flooded areas and wear protective clothing when working in the fields.
To prevent dehydration due to dysentery, eat enough liquid food.
Take antidepressant medicine regularly but do not stop without doctor's advice.
If you have symptoms of typhoid, get a blood test immediately and take medicine according to doctor's advice.
To avoid cholera, always eat clean and fresh food.
To avoid hepatitis, don't drink alcohol and eat foods that keep your liver healthy.
To avoid rabies, stay away from wild animals and vaccinate your pets regularly.
To avoid meningitis, boost your immunity.
If you have the flu, rest and stay home to avoid spreading it to others.
Until scabies is cured, avoid physical contact with others and wash clothes separately.
To avoid leptospirosis, don't play in contaminated water and pay attention to hygiene.
For dysentery treatment, take the medicine prescribed by the doctor regularly.
To keep your kidneys healthy, drink plenty of water and eat less salty food.
To keep your heart healthy, exercise regularly and don't eat fatty foods.
To keep your eyes healthy, eat green vegetables and don't look at your phone too much.
If you see blood in your stool due to dysentery, go to the hospital immediately.
If typhoid is not treated on time, serious problems can occur, so pay attention.
To avoid cholera, don't eat food sold on the street.
To avoid leptospirosis, don't walk in garbage submerged in water.
To prevent iron deficiency, eat plenty of green vegetables and beans.
To increase protein intake, it is good to eat lentils, beans and eggs.
To avoid malnutrition, pay attention to a balanced diet.
Weakness may be due to vitamin deficiency, get a blood test once.
To prevent iodine deficiency in children, feed them iodized salt.
To avoid obesity, eat less fatty and sugary foods.
Because iron deficiency causes anemia, take iron tablets as advised by the doctor.
Vitamin deficiency can weaken teeth, so get enough vitamin D.
Protein deficiency weakens the body, so eat protein-rich foods regularly.
Give malnourished children extra nutritious food.
Iron deficiency affects the brain, so get treatment on time.
If obesity increases, there is a risk of heart disease, so exercise.
Vitamin deficiency can cause joint pain, so get your vitamin D checked.
Protein deficiency weakens muscles, so eat protein-rich foods.
To avoid anemia, eat iron-rich foods and drink less tea and coffee.
Iodine deficiency can cause thyroid problems, so see a doctor on time.
Malnutrition reduces immunity, so eat a balanced diet.
If you have iron deficiency, take the medicine prescribed by the doctor regularly.
For extra nutrition, pregnant women should take iron and folic acid tablets.
Give underweight children nutritious food regularly.
Iodine deficiency affects a child's mental development, so be aware.
Too much obesity can lead to diabetes, so pay attention to your diet.
Vitamin deficiency can cause skin and hair problems, consult a doctor.
Protein deficiency reduces the ability to fight disease, so eat protein-rich foods.
If you have anemia, you feel lazy and have no energy to work, so rest.
To prevent iodine deficiency, pregnant women must eat iodized salt.
To avoid malnutrition, get your children vaccinated regularly.
If you have iron deficiency, eat red meat and green vegetables.
Vitamin deficiency can weaken your eyes, so eat foods rich in Vitamin A.
Eat the nutritional supplements provided by the government regularly for extra nutrition.
People with low weight should eat calorie-rich foods.
Iodine deficiency can cause mental slowness, so get it checked on time.
To reduce obesity, don't eat junk food and cold drinks.
Protein deficiency can weaken bones, eat protein-rich foods and exercise.
If you see symptoms of anemia, get your blood tested immediately.
To prevent iodine deficiency, don't dry salt in the sun.
To avoid malnutrition, pay attention to cleanliness.
If you have vitamin deficiency, eat plenty of fruits and vegetables.
Contact your local health post for additional nutrition.
Breastfeed underweight children exclusively for 6 months.
Iodine deficiency affects physical development, so use only iodized salt.
Do regular physical exercise to reduce obesity.
Protein deficiency can cause hair loss, eat protein-rich foods.
To prevent anemia, be sure to include green leafy vegetables in your diet.
If you have iodine deficiency, take iodine tablets as advised by the doctor.
Malnutrition affects a child's growth and development, get regular health check-ups.
If you have vitamin deficiency, take vitamin medicine as advised by the doctor.
Iron deficiency causes dizziness, take rest and see a doctor.
Diarrhea patients are increasing in the rehabilitation center, so there is a risk of cholera outbreak.
Many patients coming here have skin problems, which could be ringworm, a contagious disease.
A patient admitted to the hospital is suspected of having meningitis.
Due to lack of regular cleaning, there is a risk of diseases like diarrhea and vomiting spreading in the center.
A patient bitten by a dog had to be vaccinated against rabies.
An elderly patient who came to the center showed symptoms of typhoid.
Some patients undergoing treatment here have been found to have jaundice infection.
People coming from flood-affected areas are at high risk of leptospirosis.
All health workers working at the center are advised to get vaccinated to avoid the flu epidemic.
During the rainy season, people here are more likely to get dysentery due to contaminated water.
After a patient undergoing treatment at the center developed a skin allergy, the doctor changed the medicine.
Ringworm problem is increasing among children here, so it is necessary to pay attention to cleanliness.
If typhoid is suspected in patients with fever, a blood test should be done immediately.
The best way to avoid cholera is to drink boiled water.
If not treated in time, meningitis can also take the patient's life.
If a rabid dog bites you, get vaccinated immediately, otherwise your life may be at risk.
Jaundice patients are advised not to eat oily and spicy foods.
To avoid leptospirosis, wear protective clothing when working in the fields.
To avoid the flu, you should make it a habit to wash your hands regularly and wear a mask.
Patients with dysentery are advised to drink plenty of water and eat liquid foods.
The number of patients with skin infections is increasing at the center.
Many people here have earaches, which may be due to infection.
With the increase in typhoid patients at the center, special attention needs to be paid to drinking water sanitation.
It is necessary to keep the source of drinking water safe to prevent cholera from spreading.
A patient admitted to the hospital showed symptoms of meningitis and has been sent for further testing.
A patient bitten by a dog should not delay getting the rabies vaccine.
A patient suffering from jaundice is advised to rest and eat light meals.
It is better to wear boots when working in the fields to reduce the risk of leptospirosis.
To avoid the flu, a mask should be used when going to crowded places.
Patients with dysentery are advised to drink Jeevan Jal mixed with water.
A patient who came to the center had diarrhea, suspected of cholera.
A patient receiving treatment here has developed a skin allergy.
A patient admitted to the center had a high fever, so a meningitis test had to be done.
Regular vaccination programs for community dogs should be conducted to prevent rabies.
Jaundice patients are advised to rest and eat easily digestible food.
It is necessary to pay attention to personal hygiene for the prevention of leptospirosis.
Vaccination is the best way to prevent the flu.
Children suffering from dysentery should be given plenty of fluids.
A patient being treated at the center had diarrhea and vomiting, so cholera is suspected.
A patient who came here has itchy skin, it could be ringworm.
A patient admitted to the center has a headache and fever, so they will be tested for meningitis.
People bitten by dogs should get a rabies vaccine immediately.
To avoid jaundice, you should stay away from contaminated water and food.
To avoid leptospirosis, you should be careful when working in the fields.
To avoid the flu, you should exercise regularly and eat a balanced diet.
Patients with dysentery should take medicine according to the doctor's advice.
Many people here have stomach pain, which could be a dysentery infection.
Patients with skin infections at the center are advised to pay attention to personal hygiene.
After the mother's ear pain didn't get better, the doctor suggested further examination.
What should be done for further treatment after a problem was seen in the X-ray?
The fever has decreased after treatment in the ICU, but there is still a risk of meningitis, understand?
Suspecting hepatitis, we have sent a sample for further testing.
The child is weak from diarrhea, so give ORS, it should be prevented from dehydration.
Pneumonia may have affected the lungs, so we need to do an X-ray.
If this medicine doesn't work, we may need to give another flu medicine.
Until the child's diarrhea is cured, they need to be treated in the hospital, because there is a risk of dysentery.
It will take some time for the typhoid test report to come, please be patient.
There is itchy skin, I should get checked, is it scabies?
We've sent it for further testing for suspected leptospirosis, we'll know after the report comes.
It's too late to get the rabies vaccine, it's difficult to save [him/her] now.
You can't stay too long visiting patients in the ICU, there's a risk of infection.
Give this paracetamol to reduce the fever, but don't give too much.
The child needs to be checked regularly, as symptoms of meningitis may appear.
If the child has difficulty breathing, use the inhaler immediately.
This child has jaundice, we suspect hepatitis.
Special attention should be paid to hygiene to avoid cholera.
If this medicine doesn't work, we may need to give another stronger medicine, but it may also have side effects.
Right now we've put [him/her] in the ICU and are giving oxygen, we'll do further treatment after seeing the condition of the lungs.
If the child has a high fever, bring [him/her] to the hospital immediately, it could be meningitis.
This child may have leptospirosis, we'll know after testing.
If you had given the rabies vaccine on time, this situation wouldn't have happened today.
Because there are many patients in the ICU, we have to be strict with visitors.
This medicine reduces the fever, but other medicines should also be used for typhoid.
This child is very troubled by diarrhea, it may be due to dysentery.
The child should be vaccinated to protect against hepatitis.
Your child is suspected of having meningitis, so we need to check immediately.
There is a risk of infection when treating in the ICU, so we must take special precautions.
If the child's fever doesn't go down, bring [him/her] to the hospital immediately, as it could also be influenza.
This kid has skin problems, we need to check if it's scabies or not.
To protect the child from cholera, pay attention to food, don't give stale food.
Pay attention to hygiene to avoid the risk of leptospirosis.
To avoid rabies, the dog should be vaccinated on time.
The patient's condition is serious in the ICU, we are trying our best.
The child is weak because of typhoid, take good care.
This child is dehydrated due to dysentery, give ORS.
Pay attention to personal hygiene to avoid hepatitis.
Get vaccinated on time to avoid meningitis.
It is difficult for us to work because of the increased pressure of patients in the ICU.
This child may have influenza, we'll know after testing.
Pay attention to hygiene to protect the child from scabies.
Drink boiled water to avoid cholera.
If you see symptoms of leptospirosis, go to the hospital immediately.
If a rabid dog bites you, get an injection immediately.
Pay attention to hygiene when cooking food to avoid typhoid.
Boil water and drink it to avoid dysentery.
If you see symptoms of meningitis, take them to the hospital immediately.
Wear a mask when visiting patients in the ICU.
Get vaccinated to avoid influenza.
Take paracetamol when you have a fever.
Pay attention to hygiene to avoid skin infections. It could also be because of scabies.
Take the patient who got electrocuted and fainted to the hospital immediately, only first aid is available here.
A patient bitten by a snake needs antivenom immediately, that facility is not available here.
If you suspect a heart attack, call an ambulance immediately, we don't have the necessary equipment.
Don't try to feed anything to a patient who has consumed poison before taking them to the hospital.
A person who has drowned and fainted needs artificial respiration immediately, that facility is not available here.
Immediately put cold water on a burn wound and take them to the doctor.
Take the broken arm or leg to the hospital without moving it, there is no plastering facility here.
A seriously ill patient with electric shock may need to be put on a ventilator immediately.
A patient with anaphylaxis needs an epinephrine injection, we don't have that.
First, try to stop the bleeding of a person injured in an accident.
Take precautions while working in the fields to avoid snake bites.
Pay attention to regular exercise and healthy eating to avoid heart attacks.
Take precautions when using pesticides and keep them out of reach of children to avoid poisoning.
Turn off the main power switch before touching a person who has been electrocuted.
If you suspect someone has had a stroke, take them to the hospital immediately.
If someone gets electric shock, a chest examination is needed, that facility is not available here.
Apply pressure to stop bleeding at the site of a snake bite, but don't tighten it too much.
If someone has a heart attack, give them aspirin immediately and take them to the hospital.
Try to keep a person who has taken poison conscious until you get them to the hospital.
Give artificial respiration to a drowning person after taking them out of the water.
Wash the burned area with cold water for at least 15 minutes.
Support the broken bone and take them to the hospital.
If the patient has difficulty breathing after an electric shock, take them to the hospital immediately.
Breathing can stop if someone has anaphylaxis, so immediate treatment is necessary.
If a lot of blood is lost in an accident, it is difficult to save the patient.
A blood test may be needed for a patient bitten by a snake.
A heart attack can affect the lungs.
Poison can seriously affect the liver.
Teeth can also break from electric shock.
I heard news that a patient died because they couldn't get heart attack medicine.
Painkillers are available here if someone breaks their leg.
To avoid the risk of electric shock, the house wiring should be good.
Anaphylaxis medicine is not available in this pharmacy.
If a lot of blood is lost in an accident, a blood transfusion should be done immediately.
Snake venom affects the blood.
Sometimes water can accumulate in the lungs due to a heart attack.
Poison can damage the liver.
It is difficult to save the teeth of most people who get electric shock.
Most snakebite deaths happen because people don't get treatment on time.
To avoid heart attack, it's important to change your lifestyle.
Go to the hospital immediately to avoid the effects of pesticides.
This antibiotic is very effective for treating burns.
This medicine is helpful to reduce the effects of electric shock on the body.
If a newborn has trouble breathing, take them to the hospital right away, don't stay home.
If a child has a fever, instead of just giving them paracetamol at home, take them to the doctor.
If a child has difficulty breathing, instead of just giving them oxygen at home, take them to the hospital.
If a child has a fever, giving them random medicine at home can make it difficult to diagnose the disease.
If a child has difficulty breathing, using home remedies at home can be life-threatening.
Come to the hospital immediately if you have difficulty breathing, it could be a symptom of asthma.
Don't take medicine randomly when you have a fever, it could be a sign of typhoid.
If you have a persistent cough, get tested for tuberculosis, don't ignore it.
If you have stomach pain and vomiting, there may be a risk of cholera, see a doctor immediately.
It is best for diabetic patients to stay away from sweet foods.
Dengue can become serious if not treated in time.
Take precautions to avoid malaria when going to the jungle.
Only drink boiled water, otherwise there may be a risk of hepatitis.
The risk of leptospirosis increases in flood-affected areas, be careful.
Don't forget to wear a mask to protect yourself from the coronavirus.
If your joints hurt, not resting can make the problem worse.
If your heartbeat is increasing, go to the hospital immediately.
If your bones are weak, don't take medicine without a doctor's advice.
If your back hurts, don't sit for a long time.
If you have difficulty breathing, use an inhaler immediately.
Don't use antibiotic medicine without a doctor's advice.
If you have worms in your stomach, take antiparasitic medicine only as advised by the doctor.
If asthma worsens, contact the emergency ward immediately.
If you have a high fever, don't delay getting tested for malaria.
If you have a cold and cough and suspect corona, get tested immediately.
If your blood pressure increases, take medicine immediately, don't ignore it.
TB patients should take medicine regularly, don't skip it in between.
To avoid waterborne diseases, pay attention to hygiene, otherwise you may get cholera.
If you see a problem in the liver, get tested for hepatitis.
Take precautions to avoid leptospirosis while working in the fields.
If you have trouble breathing, use an inhaler immediately, otherwise your life may be at risk.
If the body is weak, Jeevan Jal provides relief, but don't forget to take doctor's advice.
Unnecessary use of antibiotics has a negative effect on health.
Do not use pesticides indiscriminately, it can harm your health.
Asthma patients should avoid the cold, otherwise it will be difficult to breathe.
High blood pressure patients should stay away from stress.
Diabetes patients should exercise regularly, otherwise the problem might increase.
To avoid dengue, don't let water collect around the house.
Use mosquito nets to avoid malaria.
To avoid leptospirosis, keep wounds and injuries clean.
Maintain social distance to avoid corona.
If joint pain increases, see a doctor immediately.
If you have chest pain, don't just rest, go to the hospital immediately.
If you have a broken bone, get it treated immediately, otherwise it might heal wrong.
If back problems increase, get physiotherapy.
Always keep an inhaler with you, it will be useful in emergencies.
Complete the course of antibiotics, don't stop in the middle.
If the fever doesn't go down, only use paracetamol, don't take other medicines without a doctor's advice.
If you don't take diabetes medicine on time, your health can get worse.
If you don't take high blood pressure medicine regularly, you can have a heart attack.
As an ambulance driver, I have taken many patients to the hospital, where they received free health services at a health camp.
Among those who come here to buy medicine, some don't even bring a doctor's referral letter.
Those who don't have health insurance are forced to buy medicine at high prices.
Even though the government has arranged free health services, there is no easy access everywhere.
This medicine is very expensive, it would be a relief if I had health insurance.
If I knew the emergency helpline number, I could have called an ambulance on time.
I think telemedicine service will be very useful for villages, but there is a lack of information.
Many patients are forced to bear high out-of-pocket expenses because they cannot afford ambulance fares.
The antiparasitic medicine available here helps to kill stomach worms.
Most patients with fever come to buy paracetamol.
Doctors recommend antifungal cream for those with skin problems.
Diabetic patients regularly come to the pharmacy to get insulin.
After the health camp was organized in the village, many people got their health checked.
It is very difficult to get patients to the hospital in places where ambulance service is not available.
In an emergency, you have to call an ambulance immediately.
Since the telemedicine service started, it has become very easy for the people in the village.
Many people are forced to return empty-handed because they don't have money to buy medicine, this is an out-of-pocket expense problem.
I have come to ask if this pharmacy has the medicine by showing the referral letter given by the doctor.
Even with a health insurance card, not all medicines are available here.
Even though the government provides free health services, it is not available in all hospitals.
This medicine is very expensive, how will the poor buy it, it is a problem when there is no health insurance.
I don't know what the emergency helpline number is for ambulance service.
Due to lack of information about telemedicine service, its use is low.
Out-of-pocket expenses have created additional problems for those with weak economic conditions.
Many people have not been able to get even basic treatment because there are no health camps in the village.
So many patients have died because they didn't get an ambulance and couldn't reach the hospital on time.
There's no alternative to calling an ambulance in an emergency.
Telemedicine service has given great relief to patients in remote areas.
Many patients are deprived of treatment because they can't afford medicine and due to out-of-pocket expenses.
I'm in dilemma whether to give medicine without a referral or not.
Health insurance reduces the cost of medicine, even if just a little bit.
The government should expand the scope of free healthcare services.
It costs a lot of money to buy medicine when you don't have health insurance.
Emergency helpline numbers should always be available.
Telemedicine services need to be made even more effective.
The government should pay attention to reducing out-of-pocket expenses.
A doctor who checks hearts came to the health camp.
Being an ambulance driver, I have helped many people with emergency health services.
Health workers should come to the village to provide information about health insurance.
You have to complete many procedures to receive the free healthcare service provided by the government.
The date to renew my health insurance is approaching.
When you call the emergency helpline, an ambulance should arrive immediately.
Because of telemedicine services, people in villages have also been able to consult with specialist doctors.
Poor patients find it difficult to pay out-of-pocket expenses.
This time, an eye check-up has also been arranged in the health camp.
Ambulance service should be made more systematic.
When calling the emergency helpline, you should give information properly.
Programs should be run in villages to give information about telemedicine services.
Health insurance should be mandatory to reduce out-of-pocket expenses.
Medicines cannot be given without a referral, the rules don't allow it.
Special attention should be given to influenza patients in the ICU.
I have come to the ICU to visit patients weakened by diarrhea.
How is oxygen managed for pneumonia patients in the ICU?
Have any patients being treated here shown symptoms of measles?
Attention should be paid to sanitation to prevent cholera from spreading in the community.
Patients with stomach pain should be brought to the hospital immediately.
The condition of typhoid patients in the ICU is stable.
No one in the village should be left without getting the rabies vaccine.
We are trying to keep the patient's heart rate stable in the ICU.
Children should be vaccinated against meningitis on time.
The outbreak of diarrhea has increased in the village this year.
We are giving medicine regularly to pneumonia patients in the ICU.
I urge anyone in the community who has a skin disease, especially ringworm, to contact the health post immediately.
Vitamin supplements are available in sufficient quantity in the hospital.
Patients with severe fever are being treated in the ICU.
If anyone in the village suspects rabies, contact the health post immediately.
If you don't get treatment on time, the rash can be deadly.
In the ICU, the patient's lungs have a widespread infection.
To avoid diarrhea, you should boil drinking water.
We are giving the patient antibiotics in the ICU.
If anyone in the community shows symptoms of meningitis, they should be taken to the hospital immediately.
The condition of the pneumonia patient in the ICU is serious.
You can prevent diarrhea by washing your hands regularly with soap and water.
We are giving the heart patient necessary medicine in the ICU.
If anyone in the community is bitten by a dog, they should get a rabies vaccine.
Many diseases can also be caused by dental problems.
In the ICU, the patient's chest shows infection.
Diarrhea can be cured if treated on time.
We are giving the patient antihypertensive medicine in the ICU.
If anyone in the community has ringworm, they should get treatment immediately.
We are paying special attention to the treatment of fever patients in the ICU.
To prevent cholera from spreading in the community, food should be cooked thoroughly.
In the ICU, the patient's stomach shows infection.
We are giving the patient antidepressant medicine in the ICU.
If anyone in the community shows symptoms of rabies, they should be taken to the hospital immediately.
In the ICU, fever patients need rest.
We're trying to regulate the patient's heartbeat in the ICU.
If anyone in the community sees a skin rash, they should contact a health worker immediately.
In the ICU, pneumonia patients need oxygen.
To avoid stomach problems, you should eat a balanced diet.
We are giving vitamin supplements to the patient in the ICU.
If anyone in the community is suspected of having meningitis, they should be taken to the hospital immediately.
We are trying to stabilize the patient's lung condition in the ICU.
To avoid diarrhea, you should drink plenty of water.
In the ICU, the patient should be given the correct dose of antibiotics.
If anyone in the community sees ringworm on their skin, they should get treatment immediately.
Fever patients need a comfortable environment in the ICU.
Diarrhea can be prevented if treated in time.
It will take a little time for this pregnancy test report to come, sister.
The mother's blood test report shows low hemoglobin, she needs to be given iron tablets.
Since you've had stomach pain for a long time, the doctor has asked for an ultrasound.
Since the patient is having difficulty breathing, we need to do a chest X-ray.
Since the fever hasn't gone away, we need to do a blood test, the report will come tomorrow.
It seems that the mother's diabetes has increased, so the insulin level needs to be adjusted.
A biopsy may be needed to check for cervical cancer.
Looks like you have vitamin deficiency, so you need to take vitamin supplements.
The X-ray report shows an infection in the lungs.
We can only know the baby's condition after an ultrasound.
The blood test revealed a thyroid problem.
If you have a lot of pain, you can take paracetamol.
A urine test will show if there is an infection or not.
I have joint pain, so I need to get an X-ray.
An MRI will detect nerve problems.
I'm having breathing problems, so I need to do a sputum test.
After the pregnancy test, you should take folic acid regularly.
The doctor suggested getting an abdominal ultrasound.
Blood sugar is high, so insulin should be given immediately.
We need to wait for the biopsy report for more information.
An ECG should be done for the baby's health checkup.
If the headache doesn't get better, you might need a CT scan.
To confirm pregnancy, you need to do a pregnancy test.
Joint pain might be due to vitamin D deficiency, let's do a blood test.
The X-ray shows the condition of the pneumonia.
The ultrasound shows the baby's position.
You should take iron tablets to increase the hemoglobin level in the blood.
Diabetes patients should get regular blood tests.
There's a urine infection, you need to take medicine.
We need to do an X-ray to find the cause of the joint pain.
The MRI report shows a nerve is compressed.
A sputum test finds out if you have tuberculosis (TB) or not.
The pregnancy test came back positive, congratulations!
The ultrasound shows the baby's growth is good.
We need to do a blood test to adjust the insulin dosage.
A biopsy tells us the type of cancer.
The ECG shows the heartbeat is normal.
The CT scan report doesn't show any serious problems.
Vitamin supplements give the body energy.
The X-ray shows a bone fracture.
The ultrasound shows the baby's weight is fine.
The blood test shows an infection, we need to give antibiotics.
The urine test shows protein, so we need to do more tests.
Let's do an X-ray of the joint and see what's wrong.
An MRI helps to detect brain tumors.
We need to do a sputum test to find out the bacterial infection.
If a patient is suspected of having a heart attack, how long does it take to call an ambulance?
Does this primary health center have the necessary medicine for snakebite treatment?
What should be done to get accident-injured patients to the hospital immediately?
Can first aid be given here to patients who are unconscious from electric shock?
What kind of equipment is available here when patients who have ingested poison are brought in?
Does this health post have a burn ward for burn patients?
What kind of equipment is here to save patients who are unconscious from drowning?
What can be done here for a patient with a broken bone before taking them to the hospital?
Is the medicine that needs to be given immediately to a patient with anaphylaxis available here?
Is there a CT scan facility here if a stroke patient is brought here?
Can oxygen be given immediately to an elderly patient who has had a heart attack?
Is there insulin available here for diabetic patients?
Are vitamin supplements found in this health post?
How to manage a patient with a spinal cord injury due to an accident?
Is there a doctor here who examines patients with joint pain?
Is there any specialist here to see patients who come with ear pain?
Is the vaccine given to snakebite patients available here?
What should be done immediately if someone gets an electric shock?
Where is the necessary equipment for first aid kept here?
Is there an ECG machine here to do an ECG if a heart attack is suspected?
Are antiretroviral drugs available here?
How many beds are there here for accident patients?
How many healthcare workers are there at this health post for emergency treatment?
Do you have the medicine needed to save someone who has taken poison?
If someone is found drowning, what is the procedure here?
Do you have the facility to put a plaster cast on a patient with a broken bone?
If a patient with electric shock needs to be put on a ventilator, do you have a ventilator here?
If someone has anaphylaxis due to medication, what arrangements are there here?
Where should stroke patients be referred for further treatment?
Do you know the number to call an ambulance to take a heart attack patient to the hospital?
Do you have anti-venom injection here to protect against snake bites?
Do you have pain medication here for patients injured in an accident?
Is there a provision for artificial respiration for patients who are unconscious due to electric shock?
Do you have the equipment here to empty the stomach of a patient who has ingested poison?
Do you have medicine here to apply to burn patients?
Do you have an oxygen cylinder here to give oxygen to a drowning patient?
Do you have an X-ray machine here to X-ray a broken bone?
Is there a provision to give adrenaline injection to a patient with anaphylaxis?
Do you have medicine here to restore blood circulation to a stroke patient?
Has there been any new protocol for the treatment of heart attack?
Is there anyone here trained to treat snake bites?
Are there volunteers to give first aid to accident patients?
Should we call an ambulance to take the electrocuted patient to the hospital?
If we bring a poisoned patient here, should we inform the police first?
Do you know what kind of bandage to use for a burned patient?
For how long should artificial respiration be given to a drowning patient?
Which medicine to give to reduce pain for a patient with a broken bone?
How long does it take to get a patient with anaphylaxis to the hospital?
How quickly should a stroke patient be taken to the hospital?
Sir, what precautions should be taken to avoid skin infections during the rainy season?
How to manage safe water during floods and landslides?
What things should be considered while getting regular health checkups?
Is there an eye checkup service in this health camp this time?
How do diabetic patients adjust their insulin dosage?
What kind of hand hygiene program can be brought to prevent cholera from spreading in the village?
When does the adult vaccination program start this year?
What kind of facilities are there at the district hospital for cancer screening?
How is high blood pressure checked?
What kind of treatment is available here for bone and joint problems seen in the elderly?
What can be done to control mosquitoes during the rainy season?
How good is the dental treatment here?
What tests should be done in a regular health checkup?
What kind of medicine should I use for allergy problems?
How to register for a health camp?
Where is a safe water source in this place?
Can diabetic patients take vitamin supplements or not?
What should I do to improve eyesight?
What precautions should I take to avoid skin cancer?
I have had a cough for a long time that hasn't healed, is this TB?
Where should I take elderly people for regular checkups?
What kind of vaccine is necessary for pregnant women?
Are health camps conducted here regularly?
What is the method of purifying water?
What kind of food should diabetic patients eat?
How should asthma patients use inhalers?
How to avoid conjunctivitis in this rainy season?
What to eat and what not to eat to control blood pressure?
When are adult vaccines available at the health post?
Which test should be done if cancer is suspected?
What should I apply to avoid mosquito bites?
My tooth is badly decayed and hurts a lot, what should I do?
What to do to avoid diarrhea during the rainy season?
How much does a regular health checkup cost?
What to eat if you have a vitamin D deficiency?
What to do for blurry vision?
What medicine to apply for itchy skin?
What to do if you get a cold and cough in this season?
How long should I take high blood pressure medicine?
What kind of services are available at the health camp?
What is the correct way to clean your hands?
What to do if the flood contaminates the drinking water source?
How long does it take for a wound to heal in diabetic patients?
Why is regular eye checkup necessary?
What kind of lifestyle should one have to avoid cancer?
What to do to avoid allergies during the rainy season?
Is there a bone and joint specialist doctor here?
How to arrange safe drinking water in the village?
How many times should an inhaler be given to a patient with increased asthma?
At what age should people get their blood pressure checked regularly?
If someone is feeling extreme fear or anxiety, contact for psychosocial counseling immediately.
If you see symptoms of depression in someone in the village, let me know, I will help.
A lot of people might be stressed during this pandemic, so advise them to do yoga to reduce stress.
If someone is going through sadness and pain, give them information about psychiatry.
If someone is having negative thoughts, immediately contact the suicide prevention helpline.
Raise awareness about mental health issues in the community.
If someone is using drugs, help them get rid of it.
Don't look down on people with mental health issues, give them love and support.
Anxiety increases during seasonal outbreaks, so motivate them to stay positive.
If someone has trouble sleeping, suggest they get counseling.
If someone seems mentally unwell, encourage them to go to a community mental health center.
If you see symptoms of depression, contact a health worker immediately.
Exercise regularly to reduce mental stress.
If someone is suffering from schizophrenia, take them to a psychiatrist.
If someone is thinking about committing suicide, don't leave them alone.
If someone drinks too much alcohol, encourage them to go for substance abuse counseling.
Remove misconceptions about mental health issues.
Treat people with mental health issues with respect in society.
Volunteer to help people with mental health issues in the community.
Distribute informational materials about mental health issues.
If someone has been depressed for a long time, connect them to psychosocial support.
Encourage people suffering from mental health issues to take medication.
Keep people at risk of suicide safe and get help immediately.
Encourage people with mental health issues to be socially active.
If someone is having constant negative thoughts, inspire them to think positively.
Encourage people with mental health issues to express their feelings.
If you are feeling stressed, talk to your family and friends.
Follow up with people with mental health issues regularly.
If someone is suffering from anxiety, teach them to take deep breaths.
Teach people with mental health issues to take care of themselves.
If someone doesn't feel like eating due to depression, advise them to eat nutritious food.
Teach people with mental health issues to do yoga and meditation.
Encourage people with mental health issues to adopt a healthy lifestyle.
If someone is having delusions because of schizophrenia, help them understand reality.
Encourage people with mental health issues to develop their abilities.
If someone is addicted to drugs, encourage them to go to a rehabilitation center.
Inform people with mental health issues about their rights.
If you have any questions about mental health issues, ask me.
Help people with mental health issues build confidence.
If someone is having suicidal thoughts, make them feel hopeful.
Help people with mental health issues reintegrate into society.
If you have a mental health problem, don't hesitate to contact for help.
Help people with mental health problems achieve their goals.
If someone is having skin problems due to stress, get doctor's advice.
Inspire people with mental health issues to stay happy.
If someone has muscle pain due to mental issues, advise them to rest.
Encourage people with mental health problems to have a positive outlook.
This child has a fever, brought them for typhoid test, when will the report be available?
If leptospirosis bacteria are found in the blood test, what further tests should be done?
What procedures should be followed to test for cholera in patients who come with diarrhea?
This child's eyes look yellow, should I get a hepatitis test done?
What kind of equipment is available in the lab for rabies vaccination?
Many people in the village have fever, is it influenza, how to test?
This child has a persistent cough, came to test for suspected meningitis, when will the report come?
Are antibiotics available in this pharmacy or not?
This child has recurrent abdominal pain and blood in the stool, should I get a diarrhea test done?
Skin itching problem has increased in this village, is it scabies, how to check?
Which antibiotic is better to use in the treatment of leptospirosis?
This patient's blood pressure is high, can I give antihypertensive medicine or not?
Came to the lab for testing due to blood in the stool, how long will it take?
This child looks weak, should I give iron tablets or should I do a blood test once?
Fever is not going down, can I give paracetamol or not?
This child is suspected of having leptospirosis, how to take blood for testing?
What precautions should be taken in the lab to avoid cholera infection?
What kind of medicine should be given to a hepatitis patient?
What can be done to save a patient with rabies?
What kind of results can come when testing for meningitis?
How to take a swab for influenza testing?
How long does it take for the diarrhea test report to come?
What should be done to avoid scabies infection?
What kind of test should be done to check if this child has a kidney problem?
What should be done immediately if symptoms of leptospirosis appear?
What kind of blood test should be done if typhoid is suspected?
What can the lab do to prevent a cholera epidemic?
Is there a vaccine to prevent hepatitis?
What kind of treatment should be done if rabies is suspected?
Which medicine cures a patient with meningitis?
How to avoid influenza infection?
What should be done to prevent dehydration if you have diarrhea?
How long does it take to treat scabies?
What kind of effect does leptospirosis have on the kidneys?
For how many days should typhoid medicine be taken?
How long does the cholera bacteria survive in water?
What kind of food should a hepatitis patient avoid?
What should you do if a rabid dog bites you?
What effect does meningitis infection have on the eyes?
How many types of influenza virus are there?
Does a diarrhea patient need to be hospitalized?
What should be done to prevent scabies infection from spreading to other family members?
How much does it cost to get tested for leptospirosis?
At what age should the typhoid vaccine be given?
How to purify water to avoid cholera infection?
What effect does Hepatitis B have on the liver?
What side effects might appear after getting the rabies vaccine?
What effect does meningitis infection have on the brain?
What kind of rest does an influenza patient need?
Maybe the patient's eyes are blurry because of high diabetes.
High blood pressure might have affected the kidneys, further tests are needed.
If tuberculosis is not treated on time, other problems may also appear.
Suspecting malaria, I immediately sent for a blood test.
The patient's muscles are probably aching because of dengue.
This isn't the first case of kidney problems appearing after a COVID-19 infection.
Because typhoid weakens the body, other infections can also happen easily.
Hepatitis can affect the liver and also damage the kidneys.
Leptospirosis infection can cause kidney failure, so treatment should start immediately.
Because diabetes has damaged the kidneys, insulin might be needed.
It seems like the TB medicine isn't working for this patient, we need to test again.
Uncontrolled high blood pressure decreases kidney function.
Diabetic patients should pay special attention to keep their kidneys healthy.
TB infection can also affect the kidneys, so be careful.
Due to dengue, platelets decrease and there is a risk of bleeding.
Patients whose kidneys have been damaged by Covid-19 may need dialysis.
If typhoid is not treated on time, it can seriously affect the kidneys.
To avoid cholera, special attention should be paid to hygiene.
Vaccination is necessary to prevent hepatitis.
To reduce the risk of leptospirosis, pay attention to personal hygiene.
Because of diabetes, the patient's heart has also been affected.
High blood pressure has caused eye problems.
Neglecting TB treatment can affect other organs of the body.
Dengue can cause blood pressure to drop, so regular monitoring is necessary.
Covid-19 can cause blood clotting problems in the kidneys.
The patient is weak due to typhoid fever, they need to rest.
Cholera patients should be taken to the hospital immediately.
The patient's skin has turned yellow because of hepatitis.
To avoid leptospirosis, take protective measures while working in the fields.
Diabetic patients should get their kidneys checked regularly.
Patients with high blood pressure should reduce their salt intake.
TB medicine can affect the kidneys, so get regular checkups.
To avoid dengue infection, avoid mosquito bites.
Kidney transplant may be needed due to complications from Covid-19.
To avoid typhoid, drink clean water.
Public awareness should be raised to prevent a cholera outbreak.
Hepatitis B and C can have long-term effects on the kidneys.
If you see symptoms of leptospirosis, seek medical advice immediately.
Patients with both diabetes and high blood pressure have a higher risk of kidney problems.
The patient has lost weight due to TB, so they should pay attention to their diet.
Joint pain can also occur due to dengue.
Even after recovering from Covid-19, get regular kidney checkups.
It is beneficial to get vaccinated to prevent typhoid infection.
To avoid cholera, wash your hands thoroughly before and after cooking and eating.
Hepatitis patients should eat foods that keep the liver and kidneys healthy.
Delaying treatment for leptospirosis can be fatal.
Iron deficiency in pregnant women can affect the baby's brain development, so take iron tablets regularly.
Diarrhea outbreaks increase in this season, so don't forget to give children Jeevan Jal and zinc tablets.
If a child doesn't get enough nutritious food, malnutrition can weaken their immunity.
Vitamin deficiency can cause various health problems, so it's good to take vitamin supplements regularly.
Eating too much oily and sugary food can increase obesity and cause other diseases.
Protein deficiency can weaken muscles and hinder physical development.
Iodine deficiency can cause goiter, so don't forget to use iodized salt.
If supplementary feeding is not started on time, it can affect the child's physical and mental development.
Incorrectly given antibiotics can have negative effects on the body, so don't use them without a doctor's advice.
Children may have vitamin deficiencies in this season, so feed them fruits and green vegetables regularly.
Feeding children too much junk food increases obesity and can cause health problems in the future.
If a child has a protein deficiency, their physical development may be stunted.
Iodine deficiency affects the baby's brain development, so eat iodized salt during pregnancy.
If a child becomes weak due to malnutrition, there is a risk of diseases like pneumonia.
Unnecessary use of vitamin supplements can have negative effects on health, so take them only on a doctor's advice.
If supplementary feeding is not started on time, the child may lose weight.
Excessive use of antibiotics reduces the body's resistance and increases the risk of other infections.
Micronutrient deficiencies can weaken a child's immunity.
Vitamin deficiency can weaken eyesight and cause problems with blurred vision at night.
Obesity can cause diseases like diabetes and high blood pressure, so eat a balanced diet and exercise regularly.
If you have iron deficiency, you feel tired and don't feel like working.
Due to protein deficiency, there is a possibility of reduced immunity in the body.
Iodine deficiency affects the mental development of children, so get it treated on time.
Malnutrition can have long-term effects on a child's physical and mental development.
Excessive amounts of vitamin supplements can harm the body, so do not take them without consulting a doctor.
If supplementary feeding is not started on time, the child's growth and development may be stunted.
Unnecessary use of antibiotics can cause stomach upset.
Micronutrient deficiency can cause a child's bones to weaken.
Obesity can cause joint pain and difficulty walking.
If you have iron deficiency, you may have trouble breathing.
Due to protein deficiency, hair loss and skin discoloration problems can occur.
Malnutrition weakens the body and increases the risk of other infections.
Incorrect use of vitamin supplements can affect the kidneys.
If you do not pay attention to hygiene when starting supplementary feeding, the child may get an infection.
Incorrect use of antibiotics can cause allergies in the body.
Micronutrient deficiency can affect a child's memory.
Vitamin deficiency can cause nails to become weak and break easily.
Obesity increases the risk of heart disease.
If you have iron deficiency, you may have headaches and dizziness.
Iodine deficiency can cause weight gain or loss.
Malnutrition can lower immunity, causing frequent illness.
Too much vitamin supplements can negatively affect the liver.
When starting supplementary feeding, don't give foods that cause allergies.
Too much antibiotics can kill good bacteria in the body too.
Micronutrient deficiency can affect a child's nervous system.
The earthquake broke the house, I fell and broke my leg while running. It's been so long since I got here, and the doctor hasn't come yet.
My son got electrocuted and is unconscious, please check him quickly!
Why are you taking so long to examine the patient who ingested poison?
The person bitten by a snake is suffering, and they say there are no beds available!
I brought my father in with a heart attack, and they haven't even given him oxygen properly.
The burn wound is getting deeper and deeper, don't you have any pain medication?
It didn't seem like any effort was made to save the child who was rescued from drowning.
How long are you going to keep the patient with the broken back like this?
Shouldn't a patient with anaphylaxis be treated immediately?
Why isn't attention being paid to stopping the bleeding of the accident victim?
My father took a lot of antidepressant medicine, he says it doesn't do anything.
Why are you neglecting the patient who had a stroke due to high blood pressure?
Why is it taking so long to give insulin to the diabetic patient?
The child accidentally ingested poison while playing, what should we do?
It's been a long time since my husband got electrocuted, why isn't the doctor checking him?
It hurts a lot where the snake bit, don't you have pain relief injection?
It's been a long time since my son got burned, but he hasn't received good treatment yet.
Why are you keeping the person who collapsed from a sudden heart attack like this?
Shouldn't you put the anaphylaxis patient on a ventilator quickly?
No one is paying attention to the patient who is bleeding from an accident.
When are you going to put a plaster on my daughter's broken leg?
I'm about to run out of antiretroviral medicine, is it available here or not?
My daughter-in-law is unconscious after drowning, you didn't do anything to bring her back.
My chest is burning from electric shock, I wish the doctor would check it properly.
My grandson was bitten by a snake, will he get medicine on time or not?
I panicked after hearing the news of my father's heart attack, but nothing happened even after coming here.
My son fell after having a stroke, shouldn't he have a CT scan immediately?
It seems someone poisoned me, my stomach hurts so much.
My hand is burned from electric shock, is there no one to apply ointment?
It's late to give oxygen to the patient who is having difficulty breathing due to anaphylaxis.
A lot of blood has been lost in the accident, is there no one to donate blood?
Why are you keeping the patient with broken ribs in such a dirty place?
Why isn't anyone paying attention to saving the drowning person?
My leg has turned black from electric shock, what will happen now?
The snakebite patient needs a ventilator, and they say there isn't one here!
Shouldn't a heart attack patient be in the ICU?
A stroke patient should be seen by a good neurosurgeon.
Shouldn't we do dialysis quickly to save a poisoned patient?
The burn is infected, what to do?
I'm having anaphylaxis, my tongue is swollen, and it's hard to breathe.
How much does it cost to operate on a broken bone from an accident?
My ear is swollen from electric shock, will it heal?
It's difficult to get antivenom on time for a snake bite victim.
Shouldn't a heart attack patient have an angiography right away?
Shouldn't a stroke patient start physiotherapy quickly?
We have to do something to save the patient who is unconscious from poisoning!
Does burning affect the kidneys or not?
Why is it taking so long to treat the person with a broken leg who was buried in the earthquake?
Diabetes is more likely to cause kidney complications than high blood pressure in pregnant women.
Taking TB medicine is more likely to affect the kidneys than fever medicine.
The chance of kidney problems during dengue infection is slightly higher than in malaria infection.
The chance of kidney weakening due to dehydration during diarrhea is higher than in typhoid.
Diabetic patients are much more likely to have kidney problems than patients with high blood pressure.
Taking high blood pressure medicine during pregnancy may be riskier than taking fever medicine.
Taking iron tablets during pregnancy doesn't really affect the kidneys, but painkillers can.
Liver disease is more likely to affect the kidneys than skin disease.
Painkillers for joint pain have more effect on the kidneys than iron tablets.
Cholera infection during pregnancy is more likely to affect the kidneys than hepatitis infection.
Kidney damage due to diabetes can be reduced by regular use of insulin, but it is difficult to reduce the effect of high blood pressure.
Medicines used in the treatment of tuberculosis are more likely to affect the kidneys than COVID-19 medicines.
Jaundice infection during pregnancy is more likely to affect the kidneys than typhoid infection.
Kidney problems due to high blood pressure are more likely to appear at a younger age compared to diabetes.
Leptospirosis infection in pregnant women can have more serious effects on the kidneys than dengue infection.
The effect of painkillers used for fever on the kidneys appears faster than other medicines.
Although the effect of high blood pressure medicine on the kidneys is less in diabetic patients, it should be taken regularly.
Tuberculosis medicine is more likely to affect the kidneys than the liver.
Dengue infection is more likely to affect the liver than the kidneys.
Kidney problems due to diarrhea are caused by dehydration, which is different from fever.
The rate of kidney damage due to diabetes may be slower than the rate of damage due to high blood pressure.
Kidney problems due to high blood pressure in pregnant women can be more complicated than those caused by diabetes.
More caution should be taken when taking tuberculosis medicine to reduce the effect on the kidneys compared to other medicines.
Kidney problems seen in dengue infection may be different from those seen in malaria infection.
The effect of diarrhea on the kidneys may be less serious than typhoid.
Kidney damage due to diabetes may be more difficult to control than damage from high blood pressure.
The effect of high blood pressure medicine on the kidneys during pregnancy may be less than the effect of painkillers.
Liver disease affecting the kidneys can be more serious than skin disease affecting them.
For joint pain, painkillers can affect the kidneys more than iron tablets.
In pregnancy, cholera infection can affect the kidneys more seriously than hepatitis infection.
Kidney damage from diabetes can be reduced with regular insulin use, but high blood pressure damage is not so easily reduced.
Medicines used to treat tuberculosis are more likely to affect the kidneys than COVID-19 medicines.
Jaundice infection during pregnancy can affect the kidneys more than typhoid infection.
Kidney problems due to high blood pressure are less likely to occur at a younger age than diabetes, but can be serious.
When you have a fever, painkillers can affect the kidneys faster than other medicines, so be careful.
In diabetic patients, high blood pressure medicine has less effect on the kidneys, but should be taken regularly, otherwise the problem may worsen.
TB medicine is more likely to affect the kidneys than the liver, so get regular checkups.
Dengue infection is more likely to affect the liver than the kidneys, so pay attention to its treatment.
Kidney problems from diarrhea are caused by dehydration, which is different from fever, but both can be dangerous.
Kidney damage from diabetes is slower than kidney damage from high blood pressure, but complications increase.
In pregnant women, kidney damage from high blood pressure can be more complicated than damage from diabetes, so both need to be monitored.
When taking TB medicine, be more careful than with other medicines to reduce the effect on the kidneys, otherwise a big problem may occur.
Kidney problems in dengue infection may be different from those in malaria infection, so testing is necessary.
Diarrhea has a less serious effect on the kidneys than typhoid, but it should be treated immediately.
Kidney damage from diabetes may be harder to control than damage from high blood pressure, but keep trying.
High blood pressure medicine during pregnancy may have less effect on the kidneys than painkillers, but be careful.
Liver disease affecting the kidneys can be more serious than skin disease affecting them, so get regular checkups.
For joint pain, pain killers can affect the kidney more than iron tablets, so you should ask a doctor.
Cholera during pregnancy can affect the kidney more seriously than hepatitis, so get treatment quickly.
I think hospital medicine works faster than homemade medicine.
It's safer to go to the clinic and get medicine than using homemade medicine.
A patient came in suffering from toothache, they should see a dentist, but the dentist is on leave today.
The patient needs to be referred to a well-equipped hospital for further treatment, but there's no ambulance available.
This patient is in critical condition, they need to be put on a ventilator immediately, but there's no ventilator here.
My wife is in labor, is it okay to give her asthma medicine in this condition?
Does the baby have jaundice, or is it showing symptoms of hepatitis?
There's a lot of dust in this room, will the newborn's asthma get worse?
Do you have facilities for tuberculosis (TB) testing here?
My mother-in-law has high blood pressure (hypertension), is it safe for her to visit the baby?
The baby seems to have a fever, should we get a dengue test?
What time is diabetes testing done at this hospital?
My mother has asthma, is it okay for her to get the COVID-19 vaccine?
What precautions should be taken to protect a child from typhoid?
How can a newborn be protected from malaria?
How high is the risk of leptospirosis in this area?
What dosage of iron tablets should I give my wife?
What effect will high blood pressure medicine have on my mother who is breastfeeding?
My daughter has asthma, will this medicine work or not?
If a new mother has diabetes, how to adjust the insulin dosage?
My mother's asthma has worsened, is it because of the pollution?
My father has diabetes, how long can he hold the baby?
Is free medicine for TB available in this hospital?
My wife has a fever, is it dengue or seasonal flu?
The newborn has diarrhea, is this a symptom of cholera?
My mother has diabetes, what foods should not be given during postpartum?
What should be done to protect the child from Covid-19?
I suspect my daughter has typhoid, is there a testing facility here?
What precautions should be taken for a new mother and baby to avoid malaria?
What measures have been taken here to avoid the risk of leptospirosis?
My wife is experiencing side effects from iron tablets, what to do?
My daughter's asthma medicine isn't really working, what's the other option?
If a new mother has diabetes, how to determine the insulin dosage?
How to know if high blood pressure medicine is affecting the baby?
My mother's asthma has worsened, should she be given oxygen?
My father has diabetes, is there a risk of infection when he holds the baby?
Does this hospital have a special ward for TB treatment?
My wife has a fever, what are the symptoms of dengue?
The newborn has diarrhea, how to protect them from cholera?
My mother has diabetes, what kind of food options are available here for her?
Should the baby be vaccinated to protect them from Covid-19?
What kind of hygiene should I maintain to protect my daughter from typhoid?
What kind of mosquito net should a new mother use to prevent malaria?
Is there anyone here who can give information about leptospirosis?
My wife is getting constipated from the iron tablets, what to do?
My daughter gets sleepy from her asthma medicine, is this normal?
If a new mother has diabetes, what effect does it have on the baby?
How often should a mother taking high blood pressure medicine breastfeed her baby?
How many days has this baby had a fever, have you given any medicine?
What should I do if the baby shows some side effects after vaccination?
The baby's weight hasn't increased, is it because of malnutrition?
What could be the reason this baby is having diarrhea frequently?
Should we monitor whether the baby's growth and development is happening according to their age?
I suspect the baby has worms in their stomach, when should I give deworming medicine?
How should I take care of a newborn, please tell me.
What kind of food should I feed the baby to make their bones strong?
The baby has a cough, should I get their chest checked?
What kind of food should I give this baby to prevent malnutrition?
Why is it important to vaccinate children on time?
What tests should be done to find out why a child has frequent fevers?
What kind of oral rehydration solution should be given if a child has diarrhea?
Why is the child's height not increasing, is it a problem of stunting?
The child looks very weak, what could be the reason for being underweight?
What should be done to protect a newborn from infection?
At what age can deworming medicine be given to children?
What kind of food is good to feed to strengthen a child's muscles?
How can a child be protected from getting pneumonia?
What kind of food should be given to a child to prevent malnutrition?
How to contact children who have missed vaccinations?
What dosage of fever reducing medicine should be given to this child?
What kind of diet should be given to a child with diarrhea?
What should be done to increase a child's weight, is this weight appropriate for the age?
How many times should a newborn be breastfed?
What should be done for the child's physical development to be good?
What are the benefits of giving deworming medicine to a child?
The child's ear hurts, what could be the reason?
What kind of food should a mother eat to protect her child from malnutrition?
What should be done to get vaccinated if the vaccination card is lost?
What shouldn't you feed a child when they have a fever?
What are some home remedies to stop diarrhea?
What kind of food should we focus on to prevent stunting in children?
What should you do if a newborn has jaundice?
Which age group should be prioritized for monitoring a child's growth?
What is the importance of regularly giving deworming medicine?
What should be done to strengthen a child's lungs?
How can malnourished children be helped?
What kind of reaction might a child have after getting vaccinated?
What is the correct way to measure a fever?
How to maintain hygiene to prevent diarrhea?
What kind of food should be given to prevent a child from becoming underweight?
For how long should a newborn be kept warm?
Why is growth monitoring important for a child's development?
Can there be any side effects when giving deworming medicine?
The child's muscles are aching, is this normal?
What are the effects of malnutrition on a child's health?
What documents are needed when coming for vaccination?
What shouldn't you give a child to eat when they have a fever?
Get all vaccinations on time according to the vaccination schedule.
Get your child's growth monitored regularly, it helps prevent malnutrition.
If your child has a fever, take them to the doctor immediately.
Pay special attention to newborn care, protect them from infection.
Give your child plenty of fluids when they have diarrhea.
Feed your child a balanced diet to prevent malnutrition.
Regular growth monitoring of the child can identify problems in time.
If you have missed any vaccinations, contact your nearest health post.
Continue breastfeeding your child when they have diarrhea.
If you notice any unusual symptoms in your child, consult a health worker immediately.
Get your child checked regularly to see if their physical development is going well.
Pay special attention to hygiene to protect newborns from infection.
Giving deworming medicine on time improves the child's health.
Use clean water and food to avoid diarrhea.
Include green vegetables and fruits in your child's diet to protect them from malnutrition.
Fill in the weight and height chart regularly when monitoring the child's growth.
Take your child's vaccination card with you when you go for vaccination.
If your child's diarrhea does not get better, take them to the hospital immediately.
If your child shows signs of anemia, feed them iron-rich foods.
Feed your child calcium-rich foods to strengthen their bones.
Give the child with diarrhea Jeevan Jal mixed in water frequently.
Keep breastfeeding to protect your child from malnutrition.
Keep the newborn warm and massage with oil regularly.
Vaccinating on time can protect the child from various diseases.
Giving deworming medicine kills the worms in the child's stomach.
If the child has a fever and doesn't want to eat, it could be a sign of infection.
Give the child boiled and cooled water from time to time, protect from diarrhea.
Go to the vaccination center and get information about the necessary vaccines for the child.
Consult a doctor regularly for the proper growth of the child.
Give a dose of Vitamin D to boost the child's immunity.
Breastfeed newborns regularly, it increases their immunity.
When monitoring a child's growth, measure height and weight as well as head circumference.
Teach the child to wash their hands thoroughly before feeding to prevent diarrhea.
Malnourished children need special care and nutrition.
If the child has diarrhea and vomits a lot, take them to the hospital immediately.
Get information from a health worker on how to care for a newborn's umbilical cord.
Not vaccinating on time increases the risk of various diseases in children.
If you have diarrhea and vomiting due to dirty water after a flood, don't ignore it, come to the hospital immediately.
The body becomes weak when you have a fever, you should rest a lot.
If you have a persistent cough, it could be a sign of pneumonia, get it checked.
If the headache doesn't go away, it's good to see a doctor once.
If your eyes look yellow or you have stomach pain, it could be a liver problem, get it checked.
If you're throwing up a lot and your body is weak, come to the hospital right away.
If you see rashes on your body, it could be because of allergies, get doctor's advice.
If you have difficulty breathing, it could be lack of oxygen, bring them to the hospital immediately.
If you feel extremely tired, it's necessary to get a blood test.
If you see swelling in your body, it could be a kidney problem, get it checked on time.
If blood is flowing from the wound, first aid should be given immediately.
Drink lots of water when you have a fever, otherwise you might get dehydrated.
Eat liquidy things when you have a cough, it will give you relief.
If you have a bad headache and are vomiting, come to the hospital right away.
If you get an allergy from taking medicine, inform the doctor immediately.
If you feel tired, don't work too much, take rest.
If you see something like blood clotting in your body, come to the hospital immediately.
If you have difficulty breathing, you might need oxygen right away.
If the fever doesn't go down, you might need to do more tests.
If you have a continuous headache, there might be a risk of a brain tumor.
If you vomit a lot, you might feel dizzy due to lack of water in your body.
If you see blood with your cough, get it checked immediately.
If you feel tired, get doctor's advice before taking vitamin supplements.
If your body is swelling, eat less salty food.
If the bleeding doesn't stop, come to the hospital immediately.
If you get a rash, don't go in the sun.
If you have a fever, rest at home, don't go to crowded places.
If you have a headache, don't use your phone or computer too much.
If you vomit, don't let yourself get dehydrated.
If you have a cough, avoid the cold.
If you feel tired, get enough rest.
If your body swells up, don't take medicine without asking a doctor.
If you bleed, immediately press it with a clean cloth.
If you get a rash, don't scratch it.
If you have a fever, wipe your body with lukewarm water.
If you have a headache, stay in a comfortable environment.
If you vomit, eat easily digestible food.
If you have a cough, gargle with warm salt water.
If you feel tired, eat nutritious food.
If your body swells up, eat food with less salt.
If you bleed, get doctor's advice immediately.
If you get a rash, don't put on any cream without showing it to a doctor.
If you have difficulty breathing, take the medicine the doctor prescribed regularly.
If you vomit, don't eat too much oily and spicy food.
If you have a cough, avoid dust and smoke.
If you're tired, sleep on time at night.
If treatment isn't possible here, call an ambulance and request a referral to a bigger hospital.
If you're fed up with toothache, register at the health camp once, maybe you'll get free treatment!
If you have health insurance, go to the hospital and show the documents, you don't have to pay.
If you don't have money to go to a far hospital, you should take initiative for free health service.
When is the health camp coming to the village, go to the health post and find out.
If you have difficulty breathing, call the emergency helpline immediately.
If you go with a referral letter, it will be a bit easier for treatment.
Did you forget to renew your health insurance or what, do it on time.
Telemedicine service has started in this village, consult with a doctor once.
If it doesn't get better even after taking pain relievers, see a doctor.
I heard that free health service is available in government hospitals, is it true or not?
If you need to call an ambulance, you can call 102.
Find out if they do eye check-ups at the health camp too.
If you need a referral, go to the health post and submit an application.
When does my health insurance expire, how to find out?
When there are no health workers, call the emergency helpline number and get advice.
If you lose your health insurance card, apply immediately.
Is diabetes testing also included in the health camp this time?
If you don't have money to buy medicine, apply for free healthcare.
If you go to the hospital without a referral, treatment costs can be high.
Give the patient first aid until the ambulance arrives.
Contact the health post if you need more information about health insurance.
It's good to get checked once, as specialist doctors are coming to the health camp.
Consult a doctor from home using the telemedicine service.
Clearly explain your problem when calling the emergency helpline.
You need to understand whether health insurance covers the treatment costs of all diseases or not.
Take your ID card with you to register your name at the health camp.
Only go to a big hospital if the doctor gives you a referral.
Ask first whether the ambulance service is free or if it costs money.
Find out what documents are needed to get health insurance benefits.
The health camp comes to this village every year, it will probably come this time too.
Always save the emergency helpline number on your mobile.
Go to the Rural Municipality and ask about health insurance.
Ask if you need internet to use the telemedicine service.
Tell me what to do to get free healthcare.
Understand how long it takes to make a referral letter.
If the ambulance is late, ask if there are other options.
Teach me how to apply for health insurance.
Go to the health camp and get your health checked.
My headache isn't getting better, talk to a doctor through telemedicine once.
When calling the emergency helpline, give your address clearly.
Give me information on how to pay for health insurance.
Is there special service for women at the health camp?
If the doctor gives a referral, it's easier to buy medicine.
Does someone need to go show the way to the ambulance?
Let's discuss about health insurance in the community.
Is there a separate line for elderly people at the health camp?
Find out what time the telemedicine service is open until.
Learn what kind of situations the emergency helpline helps with.
If you have trouble getting treatment due to poor financial situation, apply for free health services.
Since I work at the district hospital, I advise many diabetic patients to get regular checkups.
During the rainy season, it is difficult for patients with increased asthma to come to the hospital, so information on first aid should be provided at home.
I repeatedly emphasize that lifestyle changes are necessary to control high blood pressure.
This hospital does not have chemotherapy facilities needed for cancer patients.
Women with thyroid problems should be given special attention during pregnancy.
In the village, most people come with joint pain problems (arthritis), I advise them to stay in a warm place.
Some pregnant women get stomachaches when they take iron tablets.
It's hard to explain that taking painkillers regularly affects the liver.
It's hard to find the cause of allergies in many patients who come here with skin problems.
I've seen that most people take high blood pressure lightly.
Patients with long-term asthma have more problems during this season.
Diabetic patients should pay special attention to avoid foot injuries.
Dialysis services are available for kidney patients in the hospital.
I advise patients with liver problems to stay away from fatty foods.
Even now, many people in villages still think of thyroid as just goiter.
Many elderly people can't walk because of arthritis.
I advise COPD patients to avoid smoke.
I inform heart patients that they need to take medicine regularly.
Patients suspected of having cancer should be referred for further testing.
Pregnant women with high blood pressure have difficulty giving birth.
Diabetes can cause problems with the eyes and kidneys.
Those with liver disease are more likely to get jaundice.
Many women have irregular periods due to thyroid problems.
Physiotherapy is also helpful to reduce arthritis pain.
I advise COPD patients to do breathing exercises.
Cancer treatment is very expensive, so patients face financial problems.
Patients with both high blood pressure and diabetes should be kept under special monitoring.
Kidney patients should pay attention to their water intake.
I advise people with liver problems not to drink alcohol.
If thyroid is not treated on time, it can cause other health problems.
Arthritis patients should be protected from the cold.
I advise asthma patients to use a mask to avoid pollution.
I encourage COPD patients to quit smoking.
I advise heart patients to stay away from stress.
If cancer is detected early, the chances of recovery increase.
To control high blood pressure, salt intake should be reduced.
I advise diabetic patients to stay away from sweet foods.
Kidney patients should pay attention to their protein intake.
Even knowing that most painkillers affect the kidneys, people are still taking them.
If you have a thyroid problem, you should consult a doctor immediately.
I advise arthritis patients to exercise regularly.
Asthma patients should take medication regularly.
COPD patients should get treatment as soon as they cough.
Heart patients should have regular check-ups with the doctor.
For cancer treatment, patients have to be referred to Kathmandu.
Many patients who come to the hospital ask about painkillers.
People with high blood pressure might have symptoms like headaches and dizziness.
Many people have had headaches after the earthquake, it's good to get checked at the hospital.
Check if you have a fever, please.
If your body is swollen, you should see a doctor immediately.
I've had a cough for a few days now, took medicine but it didn't get better.
Many people are suffering from nausea and vomiting.
Many people are complaining about feeling tired after the earthquake.
One sister was saying that she has red rashes on her skin.
A patient having difficulty breathing should be given oxygen immediately.
If you have a wound and it's bleeding, first tie it with a clean cloth.
Those injured in the earthquake may have broken bones, they should get an X-ray.
Constant headaches can affect the brain, get treatment on time.
Paracetamol to reduce fever is available in the hospital.
If you feel very tired, you should rest, otherwise other problems may be added.
When you have a cough, it is good to drink warm water mixed with honey.
The doctor has given anti-emetic medicine to stop nausea.
You should apply antifungal cream for the skin rashes.
Bring them to the hospital immediately if they have difficulty breathing.
A tetanus injection should be given to prevent blood poisoning.
Many people have had increased heart problems due to the earthquake, get regular checkups.
If you have ear pain, you should see a doctor right away.
I have a fever and a headache too, what should I do?
If you have both a cough and a fever, you should get a corona test.
If you feel tired and weak, you should rest.
If you have rashes on your skin, apply anti-itch cream.
Give oxygen to a patient who is struggling to breathe.
Apply Dettol to a bleeding wound.
Because my bone hurts from an earthquake injury, I should take pain medication.
If the headache doesn't go away, a brain CT scan should be done.
If you have a fever and body aches, take paracetamol.
To reduce body swelling, apply warm water.
Don't drink cold water when you have a cough.
If you feel tired, you should get enough rest and eat nutritious food.
If you have rashes on your skin, do not apply any medicine without consulting a doctor.
If you have difficulty breathing, go to the nearest hospital.
Apply pressure to the bleeding area.
The hearts of those injured in the earthquake should be checked.
Maybe because of a headache, I don't feel like working today.
When you have a fever, you should rest and drink plenty of water.
To reduce body swelling, eat less salt.
When you have a cough, eat a mixture of honey and ginger.
If you feel tired, you should rest immediately.
Tie a clean cloth on the bleeding area and take them to the hospital.
Many people are mentally stressed because of the earthquake, counseling is necessary.
Getting regular checkups is much better than getting sick and then getting treatment.
Habit of washing hands with soap and water is more effective than using hand sanitizer.
Going to a health camp and getting checked is wiser than staying at home and nurturing the disease.
Vaccination is one way to prevent disease, but treating it after you get sick is another compulsion.
Drinking boiled water is safer than buying and drinking bottled water.
To control mosquitoes, it is better to throw away stagnant water than just spraying.
It is better to get your blood pressure checked from time to time than to have high blood pressure and not know it.
Participating in cancer screening camps is much more beneficial than having cancer grow and reach the final stage.
Getting your eyes checked once a year is better than having vision problems.
Paying attention to hand hygiene is a simpler solution than getting an infection and taking medicine.
Drinking safe water is much safer than getting diarrhea and going to the hospital.
Brushing your teeth regularly is much easier than having tooth decay and toothache.
Taking iron tablets is a stronger solution than being weakened by anemia.
Exercising regularly is a healthier lifestyle than sitting with joint pain.
For skin protection, it is better to use an umbrella in the sun than to get sunburned and become dark.
Getting regular check-ups at the health post is better than getting sick and being hospitalized.
It's more effective for health volunteers to run health camps in the village than to go to the city for expensive treatment.
It's wiser to vaccinate children on time than to regret it after they get sick.
Using herbs found in the village can be more beneficial than only looking for allopathic medicine.
Doing yoga to reduce stress is a more natural remedy than taking depression medicine.
It's better to use the services available at the primary health center than to pay a lot of money at a private clinic.
Adopting a home water purification method is more economical than buying and drinking jar water.
It is better to pay attention to personal hygiene to avoid infectious diseases than to get sick and infect others.
Participating in health awareness programs is the right way to go than relying on misinformation.
Using family planning methods is safer than having an unwanted pregnancy.
Doing regular yoga reduces joint pain, rather than taking medicine and resting.
Using sanitary pads is much safer and healthier than using cloth.
It is better to take iron tablets after delivery than to remain weak.
Breastfeeding a baby exclusively for 6 months is more beneficial than feeding formula milk.
It is better to receive safe motherhood services than to give birth at home in an unsafe way.
Gargling with salt water is easier than getting mouth ulcers and applying medicine.
It is safer to take medicine according to the advice of a health worker than to take medicine arbitrarily.
It is better to drink enough water than to get dehydrated and go to the hospital.
It is better to detect the disease in time than to have the disease worsen and become difficult to treat.
Physical exercise is more beneficial than gaining weight and getting sick.
It is better to eat healthy food than to get sick from eating junk food.
It's better to not smoke and drink alcohol than to get lung and liver disease.
Sleeping on time at night is healthier than being a victim of insomnia and taking medicine.
Having a positive attitude is better than getting stressed and becoming mentally ill.
Meditating regularly gives mental peace, rather than taking antidepressants.
Spending time with family brings happiness rather than being alone and depressed.
Eating fresh fruits and vegetables available in the village is much healthier than eating processed food in the city.
Having health insurance is better than being worried about not being able to pay the hospital bill.
Taking advice from a female community health volunteer is safer than getting treatment based on wrong information.
Keeping the surroundings clean is better than creating an environment that causes disease.
Measuring blood pressure regularly helps to avoid the risk of high blood pressure, rather than ignoring it.
Reducing screen time for eye protection is more beneficial than having weak eyes and wearing glasses.
Eating less sweets for oral health is better than having tooth decay and needing treatment.
Getting regular health check-ups is wiser than hiding the disease.
If you have trouble breathing, you may need to have a lung X-ray.
Because of headache and nausea, the doctor has suggested a brain MRI.
Since your joint is hurting, bring the MRI report of your spine.
Since the pregnancy test is positive, you need to do more tests now.
Further treatment can only be discussed after the blood test report comes.
You may need to have an ultrasound for stomach pain, come tomorrow morning.
You need to do an ECG for chest pain, only then will we know what's wrong.
Only after the sputum test, we'll know what the infection is.
There's some problem in your urine test report, get it checked again.
Let's do a CT scan, there might be some serious problem.
If the pain doesn't get better, you might need to do an MRI.
All the tests the doctor prescribed are done here, please stand in line.
Get your blood test done first, only then we can give medicine.
Looking at your symptoms, it seems like you need to do an ultrasound.
If you don't feel better, you might need a CT scan.
Take the medicine regularly and get an MRI for follow-up.
Get an X-ray done immediately and meet the doctor with the report.
Get a pregnancy test once before taking this medicine.
If you are having difficulty breathing, you need to get a lung X-ray.
According to your report, an MRI is necessary.
Get all the tests done on time as per the doctor's instructions, like blood test and urine test.
Further treatment cannot be started until the MRI report comes.
Take consultation for further treatment according to the problem seen in the X-ray.
Bring the reports, then it will be decided which medicine to give.
There is some problem in the ECG, see a doctor immediately.
Bring the CT scan report, I'll show it to the doctor.
Take the paracetamol given by the doctor to reduce the pain, and prepare for the MRI.
Take off all your jewelry before the MRI.
Come in the morning on an empty stomach for the urine test.
The biopsy will hurt a little, but don't be scared.
The sputum test report will be ready tomorrow, come pick it up.
Your pregnancy test came back negative, so don't worry.
The blood test report that the doctor prescribed will be ready soon.
Make an appointment for the MRI, it's free tomorrow morning.
You have to be on an empty stomach for the ultrasound, so come in the morning.
The doctor will prescribe medicine according to the problem seen in the X-ray report.
There's a problem in the ECG report, so see a specialist doctor immediately.
You need to prepare for the CT scan, the nurse will tell you how.
Depending on what's seen in the MRI report, you might need further treatment.
Looking at your symptoms, it seems like you need a lung X-ray.
You can find out if you're pregnant by taking a pregnancy test.
Take the blood test and urine test reports and see the doctor.
If you have a continuous headache problem, you should get a brain MRI.
To find out the cause of your back pain, you need a spine MRI.
If you have a fever, get a sputum test.
If you have pain in your stomach, get an ultrasound.
If you have chest pain, get an ECG.
After the biopsy report comes, cancer treatment can be started.
After the MRI report comes, the doctor will give you further instructions.
Compared to the fever patient, this cough patient is having a lot of trouble breathing.
More than the stomach ache problem, this nausea problem is bothering her a lot.
Even though many headache patients come, this patient's headache is a bit different.
Compared to other medicines, taking vitamin supplements is comparatively good for health.
More than feeling normal tiredness, this patient's tiredness is very unbearable.
Compared to other patients, this patient has more bleeding problems.
There are more fever patients in this village now than at other times.
For coughs that are not cured by other medicines, this home remedy may be comparatively effective.
Compared to previous patients, this patient's breathing problem seems complicated.
The swelling problem seen in this patient is different than what is seen in other patients.
Compared to other villages, access to healthcare is a little less in this village.
Compared to other patients, this patient has vomited a lot, may be dehydrated.
Compared to many painkillers, this Ayurvedic medicine works faster.
More than normal pain, this back pain has become very unbearable.
Compared to other medicines, the price of this medicine is a bit higher.
Compared to a normal cough in patients, this cough seems a bit severe.
When you have a fever, it is better to see a doctor once before taking paracetamol.
Compared to other people of this age, he feels more tired.
Compared to other villagers, he has to go far to get health services.
This medicine seems to work faster than other medicines.
We need to find out why it's hard to breathe like before and why he's restless.
People who take regular vitamin supplements are less likely to get sick than others.
It's good to rest at home with a normal fever, but this patient's fever is different than others.
There are more patients now than other times in this place.
This medicine has less effect on the stomach compared to other painkillers.
Health awareness is found to be lower in the people here compared to other villagers.
Chest pain has increased compared to before, get it checked immediately.
Compared to other people in the village, he seems to have less information about health services.
This patient's condition is a bit serious compared to other patients, might need to take them to the hospital.
Will this ayurvedic medicine cure this disease that other medicines couldn't?
The problem of difficulty breathing has increased a lot now compared to other times.
Compared to other villages, the health post facility is a bit far in this village.
This patient is vomiting more now than before, need to take them to the hospital immediately.
This medicine has fewer side effects compared to other medicines.
This patient has a higher chance of getting pneumonia compared to other patients.
This patient is more affected by fever compared to other villagers.
The cough has increased a lot now compared to before, it's good to get it checked once.
This patient has more bleeding problems compared to other patients, need to get them to the hospital immediately.
This headache is more unbearable than a normal headache.
This medicine seems less effective compared to other medicines.
This medicine is much more expensive compared to other medicines.
The number of patients in this village has increased a lot compared to before.
There are more fever patients in this village now compared to other times, we should be careful.
I've heard that this medicine cures faster compared to other medicines.
There is a lot of diarrhea problem in this village now compared to other times, everyone should pay attention.
This medicine has fewer side effects compared to other medicines.
This patient's breathing problem is more complicated compared to other patients.
Even if surgery is needed, the pain can be reduced with Ayurvedic treatment, try it once.
Back problems are greatly reduced by having regular physiotherapy.
Use home remedies using herbs found at home, it will heal.
If Ayurvedic medicine doesn't work, you can choose allopathic treatment.
If the patient has difficulty, they may need to be taken to ICU care immediately.
If you have diarrhea, give Jeevan Jal (oral rehydration) regularly.
Dialysis may be needed due to kidney problems.
Cancer cells can be killed by radiotherapy.
Stomach problems can be cured with Ayurvedic treatment.
Go to an Ayurvedic medicine shop and get advice for eye problems.
Antidepressant tablets should be taken regularly for depression.
Diabetes patients should take insulin with the right dosage.
If you have anemia, it's good to take iron tablets.
If you take ART medicine regularly, HIV will be under control.
To reduce arthritis pain, massage with Ayurvedic oil.
Ayurvedic medicine helps to control high blood pressure.
You can also reduce back problems by doing regular yoga.
You'll recover quickly if you eat homemade liquid food.
If you have a fever, take paracetamol tablets.
Go to an Ayurvedic treatment center and get your health checked.
Register your name for physiotherapy at the hospital.
If home remedies don't work, see a doctor.
See an allopathic doctor and get advice.
The patient may need to be kept in the ICU for special monitoring.
Give the child ORS and other liquid foods as well.
You have to come to the hospital twice a week for dialysis.
Drink plenty of water to reduce the effects of chemotherapy.
Pay special attention to skin protection during radiotherapy.
Consult a doctor before taking Ayurvedic medicine.
If your eye problem is getting worse, go to the hospital immediately.
Don't forget to adjust the dosage when taking insulin.
Drink plenty of water when taking iron tablets.
Take your ART medicine on time.
Use homemade oil for ear pain.
Do physiotherapy to reduce back pain.
If you have a stomach ache, drink warm water with salt.
If your eye is red, don't put medicine without consulting a doctor.
Get checked and treated at an Ayurvedic hospital.
Look for Ayurvedic treatment so that surgery is not needed.
You can reduce back problems by doing yoga.
If the wound does not heal with home remedies, come to the hospital.
If allopathic medicine does not cure you, adopt Ayurvedic treatment.
The patient may need to be taken to the ICU for further treatment.
Give ORS to the child if he/she has diarrhea.
Come to the hospital regularly for dialysis.
Chemotherapy is effective in cancer treatment.
Take doctor's advice to reduce the side effects of radiotherapy.
Stay healthy by adopting an Ayurvedic lifestyle.
It is better to get a blood test done once since the child has a fever.
You may need to have an X-ray to find out the cause of your joint pain.
Get a urine test once a year for regular health check-ups.
Since there's a chest problem, you might need to do a sputum test for more info.
Get a pregnancy test to know if you're pregnant.
You might need to get an ultrasound for your stomach pain problem.
If you see the symptoms, get a sputum test right away.
What kind of food should I feed my child to prevent malnutrition?
Can I take a painkiller for this pain?
How does vitamin deficiency affect the skin?
What do you suggest to eat to increase protein?
How does iron deficiency affect the blood?
Iodine deficiency causes goiter, right?
Does this vitamin supplement affect the liver?
When should I take this iron tablet I have?
How much protein is needed at this age?
What to do if I get a skin allergy after taking this medicine?
Does vitamin deficiency cause muscle weakness?
What should I eat to fulfill iron deficiency?
Does iodine deficiency weaken a child's brain?
What are some protein-rich foods, doctor?
Is my child weak because they're not getting nutritious food?
Does this medicine affect the liver?
Do vitamin supplements boost immunity?
Does iron deficiency cause dizziness?
Does iodine deficiency cause thyroid problems?
Does protein deficiency cause muscle pain?
Is the body weak because of malnutrition?
What to eat to prevent vitamin deficiency?
For how many days should I take iron tablets?
Does iodine deficiency stunt a child's growth?
Does protein deficiency cause dry skin?
Does this medicine affect the liver?
Does vitamin deficiency decrease immunity?
Does iron deficiency cause hair loss?
What foods should I eat to prevent iodine deficiency?
How much lentils should I eat to increase protein intake?
Is the child's weight reduced because of malnutrition?
How much vitamin supplement should I take?
Does taking iron tablets cause stomach pain?
What problems arise due to iodine deficiency?
Does protein deficiency cause body swelling?
Does this medicine affect the liver or not?
Is it vitamin deficiency that causes weak eyesight?
Does iron deficiency cause yellow skin?
Does iodine deficiency cause swelling of the throat?
What effect does protein deficiency have on the body?
Does malnutrition affect a child's studies?
How long should you take vitamin supplements?
Do iron tablets cause constipation?
What precautions should be taken to prevent iodine deficiency?
What foods can be eaten to make up for protein deficiency?
Could this medicine affect the liver?
Is it vitamin deficiency that causes weak bones?
Does iron deficiency cause a lack of energy to work?
Getting regular health checkups is much better than treating diseases after they occur.
Just paying attention to hand hygiene is as important as getting vaccinated to prevent many diseases.
The safe water we distribute is much purer than other river water.
Running a mosquito control campaign is as important as preventing the disease from happening.
Getting checked at a health camp is much more beneficial than staying at home and nurturing the disease.
Getting tested for high blood pressure is as important as preventing a heart attack in the future.
Testing for cancer is much easier than treating the disease after it has worsened.
Getting regular eye exams is as important as preventing vision from weakening.
Getting adult vaccines is safer than only vaccinating kids.
Coming to a health camp for consultation is better than staying home and taking the wrong medicine.
Taking paracetamol for fever is safer than taking other medicine for pain relief.
Using an inhaler for breathing problems is faster and more effective than trying home remedies.
Boiling water to drink might be safer than drinking filtered water.
Getting regular checkups is cheaper than treating a disease after it's discovered.
Getting health education at a health camp is better than staying home with wrong information.
Washing hands properly can be more effective than using antibacterial soap.
Checking blood pressure regularly is as important as reducing the risk of heart attack.
Getting cancer screening is about finding the disease before it spreads.
Getting your eyes checked is more important for identifying eye problems than just wearing glasses.
Getting adult vaccines is not only protecting your health, but also keeping the community safe.
Consulting a doctor at a health camp is safer than searching the internet and taking medicine.
Using paracetamol for headaches is a safer option compared to other painkillers.
Using an inhaler is a faster way to reduce breathing problems than other home remedies.
Using sunscreen to protect your skin is more useful than treating sunburn later.
Boiling water to drink can be much safer than drinking bottled water from the market.
Getting regular health checkups is much easier than going to the hospital after getting sick.
Participating in a health camp is as important as learning about health and sharing information with others.
Spraying medicine to control mosquitoes can be more effective than avoiding mosquito bites.
Getting regular checkups is like avoiding health problems in the future.
Getting tested for cancer is way smarter than treating it after it's grown.
Getting your eyes checked is better than wearing glasses after your eyesight gets weak.
Drinking safe water is better than getting diarrhea and taking medicine.
Getting regular checkups is better than taking unnecessary medicine.
Coming to a health camp to learn about health is much safer than staying home and doing the wrong treatment.
Paying attention to hand hygiene, washing your hands with soap and water before and after eating, is like avoiding getting sick.
Controlling mosquitoes is as important as avoiding diseases from mosquito bites.
Checking for high blood pressure is more important than taking medicine regularly.
Screening for cancer is much easier than treating cancer.
Getting your eyes checked to prevent vision loss is more important than wearing glasses.
Getting adult vaccines is as important as protecting yourself and the community from disease.
Drinking safe water is as important as avoiding waterborne diseases.
Participating in a health camp is like getting information about health problems and finding solutions.
Spraying medicine to control mosquitoes is a more effective way than avoiding mosquito bites.
Getting regular checkups is cheaper and easier than treating a disease after you get it.
Checking your blood pressure regularly is as important as reducing the risk of heart attack.
Boiling water to drink is safer and more affordable than drinking filtered water.
Coming to a health camp to get health education is much more useful than getting wrong information at home.
Washing hands well can be more effective than using sanitizer.
Checking your blood pressure regularly is as important as reducing the risk of heart attack, but lifestyle changes are also equally important.
Cancer screening is to detect the disease before it spreads, but regular follow-up is also important for this.
If you have a fever, it's good to get tested for typhoid once before starting medication.
If you see symptoms of dengue, go to the hospital immediately, don't delay.
Diabetic patients should keep checking their sugar levels, otherwise it can be difficult.
To control high blood pressure, eat less salt and exercise regularly.
Take TB medicine regularly, don't stop in the middle, it takes time to heal.
To avoid malaria, use mosquito nets and adopt mosquito repellent measures.
If you have diarrhea, drink Jeevan Jal and go to the nearest health post.
To avoid hepatitis, drink clean water and eat food cooked thoroughly.
To avoid the risk of leptospirosis, do not play in dirty water.
Diabetic patients should not take this medicine without doctor's advice.
High blood pressure medicine should be taken regularly, should not be stopped.
If you have any problems while taking TB medicine, tell the doctor immediately.
If you suspect malaria, get your blood tested immediately.
If you missed getting the COVID-19 vaccine, get it immediately.
Get vaccinated against typhoid, it protects against the disease.
If you see symptoms of leptospirosis, get treatment immediately.
This medicine for high blood pressure should be taken morning and evening.
Diabetic patients should eat less sweet food.
Don't stop taking TB medicine in the middle.
To avoid malaria, protect yourself from mosquito bites.
If you see symptoms of Covid-19, get tested right away.
Take typhoid medicine regularly, don't stop without asking the doctor.
Get dengue treated on time, you can avoid complications.
Get the Hepatitis B vaccine, it's very important to avoid this disease.
To avoid leptospirosis, be careful when working in the fields.
Diabetic patients should check their blood sugar regularly.
If you feel dizzy while taking high blood pressure medicine, tell the doctor.
If you have a skin allergy from TB medicine, see a doctor right away.
If you have a stomach ache while taking malaria medicine, ask the doctor.
To avoid Covid-19, wash your hands with soap and water from time to time.
To avoid typhoid, don't eat street food.
To avoid dengue, keep your surroundings clean.
To avoid cholera, don't eat stale food.
To avoid hepatitis, don't use needles that other people have used.
To avoid leptospirosis, be careful when you come into contact with animals.
If you have diabetes, take insulin regularly.
If you have high blood pressure, take antihypertensive medicine regularly.
For TB, take antiretroviral medicines as directed by your doctor.
Take antifungal medicines for malaria as per doctor's advice.
Consult a doctor before taking antiretroviral drugs during COVID-19.
Diabetes can affect your kidneys, so get regular checkups.
Tuberculosis can also affect the spine, get it treated on time.
Malaria can cause skin infections, see a doctor immediately.
Due to COVID-19, many patients have experienced various health problems, so be careful.
Have you arranged regular health check-ups here?
Is there any plan to organize a health camp in our village?
Would it be appropriate to take vitamin supplements at this time?
How long do I have to wait to get my blood pressure checked?
Is there a specialist for eye check-ups here?
How to maintain hand hygiene in such an emergency?
Are there any measures for mosquito control in this season?
Where can I find adult vaccines, please provide information?
Does a skin check also happen during a regular health check-up?
Is there a separate arrangement here for patients with heart problems?
How to drink safe water during this pandemic?
What kind of facilities are available here for cancer screening?
How to adjust the insulin dosage in such a situation?
What can be done to reduce joint pain, please tell me?
Do you have depression medicine (antidepressants) here?
What do I need to register at the health camp?
Do they also check the retina during a regular checkup?
Is it safe to take vitamin supplements in the current situation?
Is there a blood pressure measuring device here?
What can I apply to prevent mosquito bites?
Is there a facility to test for cancer here?
How is emergency eye treatment done here?
Is there an adult vaccination program running here?
How to arrange safe drinking water in the current situation?
Are inhalers available here for asthma patients?
Which diseases are tested for during a regular health checkup?
Is insulin available here for diabetic patients?
Is skin infection treated here?
Is there a machine here to check the heart rate?
What arrangements are there for hand hygiene here?
Is there a plan to organize a health camp here?
Is there any way to identify the early symptoms of cancer here?
Can my blood pressure also be checked during a regular health checkup?
Is there any way to control mosquitoes here?
Which vaccine is best to get this season?
Do you have equipment to check eyesight here?
Who should I ask about vitamin supplements here?
Do you do skin cancer screening here?
How to keep hands clean in an emergency?
Is there a fee for a regular health check-up here?
Is there a heart doctor here?
Is it safe to get adult vaccines right now?
Do you have any special programs for cancer screening?
What to do when blood pressure is high?
Do you have mosquito repellent here?
What things should be considered in a regular health check-up?
Is immediate treatment available for eye problems here?
Is there anyone here to give advice on adjusting insulin dosage?
Is it possible to run a health camp in this emergency situation?
A patient seriously ill from electric shock should be taken to the hospital immediately.
It should not be delayed to give antivenom to a patient bitten by a snake.
A patient with a heart attack should be given oxygen immediately.
A patient with paralysis should be taken for treatment as soon as possible.
Treatment of a patient who has taken poison should be started immediately.
A person who's drowned and unconscious needs immediate resuscitation.
You should put cold water on a burn wound right away.
A patient with a broken bone should be stabilized before taking them to the hospital.
A patient who collapsed from electric shock needs immediate first aid.
If someone has difficulty breathing due to allergies, they should be taken to the hospital immediately.
To prevent harm from a snake bite, anti-snake venom should be given right away.
If you suspect a heart attack, call an ambulance immediately.
It seems the patient was poisoned; they need to be taken to the hospital immediately.
We are providing first aid to those injured by electric shock.
Those who drowned and became unconscious in the flood have been brought here.
A patient burned by fire should be given pain medication.
A patient who fell and broke a bone needs an X-ray immediately.
We received news that someone collapsed from electric shock; an ambulance should be sent immediately.
If you have allergies causing itchy and swollen skin, you should get treatment immediately.
The patient got an electric shock, so their chest needs to be checked.
A tourniquet should be tied above the snake bite and the person taken to the hospital.
A patient who collapsed from a heart attack needs CPR.
A patient who is unconscious from poisoning needs to be taken to the hospital immediately.
The blood pressure of a patient injured by electric shock should be checked.
The search continues for those who went missing after drowning in the river.
Burn patients need to be protected from infection.
Patients with broken bones from a fall might need surgery.
Patients who are seriously injured by electric shock may need to be put on a ventilator.
The patient's face is swollen due to allergies, they need medicine right away.
You need to check the pulse of a patient who has had an electric shock.
Call an ambulance to take the snakebite victim to the hospital.
Take the heart attack patient to the nearest hospital immediately.
Treatment should be started immediately to save a patient who has ingested poison.
A patient injured by electric shock should be given oxygen immediately.
Take the child who drowned and is unconscious in the pond to the hospital.
A patient who is seriously burned needs to be kept in the ICU.
A patient with a broken bone from a fall needs to have a plaster cast.
There's news that someone is unconscious from electric shock, we need to go to the scene.
If allergies cause breathing problems, take them to the hospital immediately.
A patient injured by electric shock should be given pain medication.
If someone is bitten by a snake, the patient should not be moved too much.
If someone has a heart attack, the patient should be given aspirin immediately.
A patient who is struggling after ingesting poison should be calmed down.
A patient injured by electric shock should be kept warm.
Divers should be called to search for the person who drowned in the river.
For burn patients, you gotta cool the burn with water.
The X-ray report for the broken bone from the fall is still pending.
The patient who got seriously injured by electric shock might need to be sent to Kathmandu for further treatment.
For the skin problem due to allergy, you should give antihistamine.
Safely move the person who collapsed on the ground from electric shock.
Pay attention to oral hygiene, your teeth will be strong.
If you have a toothache, go to the health post immediately.
Brush your teeth regularly to avoid gum disease.
Think carefully before extracting a tooth.
You should brush your teeth morning and evening to maintain oral hygiene.
If you have tooth decay, don't ignore it, get treatment immediately.
If your gums are bleeding, contact the nearest health facility.
Eat less sugary food for oral health.
You can try home remedies to reduce tooth pain.
Brushing your teeth regularly keeps your teeth and gums healthy.
Gum disease can cause teeth to loosen, get treatment on time.
Rinse your mouth after eating to prevent tooth decay.
Drinking fluoridated water makes teeth strong.
If you have a toothache, rinse with warm water and salt.
By paying attention to oral hygiene, you can avoid dental problems.
If you need to get a tooth pulled, consult with an experienced dentist.
To avoid gum disease, don't smoke or drink alcohol.
If you have a cavity and it hurts, go to the hospital immediately.
To keep your mouth healthy, brush your teeth with a soft brush.
Using fluoride makes teeth strong and protects them from cavities.
You can use clove oil to reduce tooth pain.
If you have gum disease, you might also have bad breath.
To prevent cavities, brush your teeth before sleeping at night.
If you need to get a tooth pulled, follow the doctor's advice after the extraction.
Don't ignore the problem of bleeding gums.
To avoid cavities, eat less sugary food.
For oral hygiene, clean your tongue regularly too.
Using fluoride toothpaste makes teeth strong.
If you have a toothache, rinsing with warm salt water provides relief.
To avoid gum disease, get regular checkups with the dentist.
To prevent cavities, make it a habit to rinse your mouth after eating.
Before getting a tooth pulled, consider other options too.
If you have gum disease, you can get an infection in your mouth.
For oral health, reduce your intake of tea and coffee.
A lack of fluoride can weaken teeth.
If a toothache doesn't get better with home remedies, see a doctor.
Pay attention to oral hygiene, otherwise you might have teeth problems.
If you have gum disease, take the medicine the doctor gave you regularly.
To prevent tooth decay, rinse your mouth immediately after eating sweets.
Using fluoridated water helps to strengthen teeth.
When you have a toothache, drink enough water to rest.
Take good care of your oral hygiene, the chances of tooth decay are less.
If you have gum disease, get treatment immediately, otherwise you might lose teeth.
If a tooth needs to be extracted, it can affect other teeth as well.
For oral health, take doctor's advice from time to time.
If you have a lot of pain from tooth decay, get your teeth treated right away.
The ambulance broke down and we were late bringing the child to the ICU, they had a high fever.
It rained during vaccination time, the road was muddy and we couldn't reach.
The child has diarrhea, so we need to take them to the hospital immediately.
We will do everything we can to save the malnourished child, don't worry.
The child has a stomach ache, the doctor has given some pain relief medicine.
This child's growth monitoring should be done regularly.
The child is getting weaker because of worms in their stomach, give them deworming medicine.
The doctor said to give the child paracetamol because they have a high fever.
Pay attention to newborn care, they must be protected from infection.
Doctor, how many days has the child had diarrhea?
The mother was saying the child's joints are hurting, we need to get it checked.
There seems to be a problem with the child's back, might need more tests.
The newborn has pneumonia, we need to put him in the ICU.
The child might have a liver infection, we'll know after the test.
If the fever doesn't go down, bring him to the hospital immediately.
Get regular checkups to see if the child's physical growth is going well.
There's blood in the stool, probably because of the diarrhea.
We need to find out what kind of malnutrition this child has.
Vaccinate the child on time, you can protect them from diseases.
The child's stomach is very bloated, we need to show it to the doctor.
It's good to give the child liquid food when they have a fever.
We need to monitor the child's regular growth, we can protect them from malnutrition.
It's time to give this child deworming medicine.
Don't neglect any care for the newborn.
The doctor said to measure the fever and give paracetamol.
Give Jeevan Jal if they have diarrhea.
To protect from malnutrition, the child should be given a balanced diet.
The child has a stomach ache, maybe something went wrong with the food.
If you missed a vaccination, contact the health post immediately.
Are there any problems seen in the child's growth monitoring?
The child had to be kept in the ICU because of fever.
Pay attention to hygiene to prevent diarrhea.
Newborns need special care to protect them from infection.
The child is very weak due to malnutrition.
The child's joints are swollen, you should see a doctor immediately.
The child may need to have a back X-ray.
It will take more time for the child's liver test report to come.
The child has been given fever reducing medicine, let's see what happens.
The child has become very weak because of diarrhea.
Feed the child nutritious food to protect them from malnutrition.
Get the child's growth monitored regularly.
The child may be having problems because of worms in the stomach.
Don't be careless in taking care of the newborn.
Let the child rest when they have a fever.
Don't let the child get dehydrated if they have diarrhea.
The child's growth and development has been affected due to malnutrition.
Tests should be done to find out the cause of the child's stomach ache.
Don't miss vaccinations, it is very important for the child's health.
Show me the child's growth monitoring report.
Keep the newborn warm, protect them from the cold.
Had to bring a patient seriously injured by electric shock to the rehab center, condition is critical.
Got a call from the village, a patient bitten by a snake needs to be taken to the hospital immediately.
An old man died of a heart attack on the way while bringing him here.
Bringing someone with multiple injuries from a road accident to the rehab center, condition is worrying.
There's news that a patient who ingested poison needs to be brought to the rehab center immediately.
Today, I'm going to the rehab center with a child who fainted after drowning in the river.
About to take a woman seriously injured by burns to the rehab center.
Carrying an old man with a broken leg from falling off a cliff to the rehab center.
News has come from the rehab center that a patient seriously ill from electric shock needs to be in the ICU.
A patient's condition has become serious due to anaphylaxis at the rehab center, so I need to get there immediately.
A patient at the rehab center had a heart attack and needs to be taken to the hospital immediately.
I've brought a patient to the rehab center who had a stroke, please prepare for treatment.
A patient who ingested poison needs to be taken to the hospital immediately from the rehab center.
A patient who is unconscious from electric shock at the rehab center needs oxygen.
Seems like it's too late to give anti-venom to a patient bitten by a snake at the rehab center.
I brought a farmer to the rehab center who fell while working in the field and broke his back.
A patient at the rehab center has overdosed on painkillers and is unconscious.
A patient at the rehab center unexpectedly had anaphylaxis.
News from the rehab center, a patient needs insulin immediately.
In the rehab center, a patient tried to commit suicide, they came after poisoning themselves.
In the rehab center, one person got electrocuted and it severely affected their stomach.
In the rehab center, one person got bitten by a snake and is showing liver problems.
In the rehab center, one person had a heart attack and it affected their brain.
In the rehab center, one person fell and injured their spinal cord.
In the rehab center, one patient overdosed on antidepressants.
In the rehab center, one patient is having difficulty breathing after getting electrocuted.
In the rehab center, a patient was bitten by a snake and needs to be taken to the hospital immediately.
In the rehab center, one person is in critical condition after a heart attack, they need to be taken to the ICU immediately.
In the rehab center, a stroke patient needs to be transferred to the neuro ward for further treatment.
It seems like a lot of effort will be needed to save the patient who consumed poison in the rehab center.
A patient with severe burns in the rehab center may need plastic surgery.
A patient with a broken leg in the rehab center needs to have surgery immediately.
A patient who got electrocuted and whose chest is affected in the rehab center might need to be put on a ventilator.
A patient with anaphylaxis in the rehab center needs to be given adrenaline.
A patient who had a heart attack in the rehab center might need to have an angiography.
A stroke patient in the rehab center seems to need a CT scan.
A patient who consumed poison in the rehab center might need dialysis.
The treatment cost for the patient who was seriously injured by electrocution in the rehab center is going to be high.
We are running out of antivenom stock for the snake bite patient in the rehab center.
We need to call a doctor to the rehab center right away for a heart attack patient.
At the rehab center, a patient got electrocuted and their whole body is swollen.
At the rehab center, a patient was bitten by a snake and is having blood clotting problems.
At the rehab center, a patient is unconscious after having a heart attack.
At the rehab center, a patient had a stroke and half of their body has stopped moving.
At the rehab center, a patient who ingested poison is vomiting.
At the rehab center, a patient who was injured by electrocution is in stable condition, but not out of danger.
The patient at the rehab center who was bitten by a snake needs to be taken to a bigger hospital for further treatment.
The heart attack patient at the rehab center needs to be taken to the cath lab immediately.
The stroke patient at the rehab center needs physiotherapy.
At the rehab center, a patient has taken a lot of painkillers and is sleeping.
If you have diarrhea, drink Jeevan Jal, it's a way to prevent cholera.
If you have a fever, take paracetamol and go to the hospital, it could be influenza.
If your eyes turn yellow, see a doctor immediately, it could be a symptom of hepatitis.
If you have a wound, wash it with clean water and apply medicine as advised by the doctor, this is important to prevent rabies.
If you have a headache and fever, go to the hospital, meningitis may be suspected.
If you have a stomach ache and blood in your stool, go to the hospital immediately, it could be dysentery.
If you have itchy skin, pay attention to hygiene, it could be scabies.
To avoid typhoid, only drink boiled water.
To avoid leptospirosis, don't walk in dirty water.
To avoid diarrhea, wash your hands with soap and water before and after eating, it's a way to prevent cholera.
Get vaccinated to avoid jaundice, it protects against hepatitis.
If a dog bites you, get a rabies shot immediately.
To avoid meningitis, don't go to crowded places.
Wear a mask to avoid the flu.
Pay attention to personal hygiene to avoid dysentery.
To avoid scabies, don't let others use your clothes.
If you suspect typhoid, get a blood test immediately.
Vaccinate your pet dog to avoid rabies.
Get vaccinated on time to avoid meningitis.
Take Vitamin C to avoid the flu.
Use clean water when cooking food to avoid dysentery.
Bathe regularly to avoid scabies.
If you have typhoid, take antibiotics as advised by the doctor.
If you have leptospirosis, go to the hospital immediately.
Keep drinking water sources safe to prevent cholera from spreading.
If you see symptoms of hepatitis, rest and seek doctor's advice.
If you see symptoms of rabies, go to the hospital immediately.
If meningitis is not treated on time, it can be fatal.
Be careful to avoid the flu epidemic.
To avoid dysentery infection, pay attention to personal hygiene.
For scabies treatment, apply the medicine the doctor gave you regularly.
To avoid typhoid, cook food well and eat it.
To avoid the risk of leptospirosis, take safety measures when working in the fields.
To avoid a cholera outbreak, use clean water.
To avoid hepatitis, do not reuse used needles.
To avoid rabies, don't tease animals.
To avoid the flu, cover your mouth when you cough or sneeze.
To avoid dysentery, wash your hands with soap and water after using the toilet.
To avoid scabies, avoid contact with infected people.
After an earthquake, the risk of typhoid can increase, so be careful.
To prevent cholera from spreading, start a campaign to purify drinking water.
Control rats to reduce the risk of leptospirosis.
To avoid diseases like typhoid, cholera, and diarrhea, boil drinking water before drinking.
Due to the increase in waste because of the earthquake, pay attention to cleanliness to avoid infections like scabies.
To avoid meningitis, vaccinate children on time.
If you see symptoms like red eyes and fever, get tested for hepatitis.
How long has this child had blurry vision, Mom?
Is it a situation where eye surgery is needed?
Has he ever had an eye infection before?
Does anyone in your family have cataracts?
What could be the reason for blindness at this age?
What's his eye power, did you check for refractive error?
How to know if the glaucoma medicine is working or not?
What kind of facilities are there for low vision patients in the hospital?
Is it safe to have eye surgery at this age?
How long does it take to cure an eye infection?
Is the vision weakened because of cataracts or is there some other problem?
Does this child have congenital cataracts?
Can blindness caused by glaucoma be prevented?
What are the treatments for refractive error in the eye?
What could be the reason for eye infection at a young age?
How much does it cost to have cataract surgery?
What can be done for this child's low vision problem?
Does glaucoma medicine have any other side effects?
Is laser surgery possible for refractive error?
What should be done to avoid eye infections?
What kind of materials are available for low vision patients?
What kind of care should be taken after cataract surgery?
Is the optic nerve damaged due to glaucoma?
What to do if the eye infection doesn't get better?
How to teach children with low vision?
Is surgery needed for glaucoma or not?
How much does glasses reduce refractive error problems?
Can eye infections be cured with home remedies?
What kind of food should be given to patients with low vision?
What is the chance of vision returning after cataract surgery?
Should glaucoma medicine be taken regularly or can it be stopped?
Is the headache caused by refractive error?
How to prevent the spread of eye infection?
What kind of games should children with low vision be allowed to play?
What things should be taken care of after cataract surgery?
Can blindness caused by glaucoma be completely cured?
Can contact lenses be used for refractive error?
Is the fever caused by the eye infection?
How to involve patients with low vision in social life?
When should cataract surgery be done?
What are the side effects of glaucoma medicine?
Can eye exercises be done for refractive error?
Who is more at risk of eye infection?
Are there special schools for children with low vision?
Is the eye redness caused by cataracts?
Does glaucoma medicine affect blood pressure?
Is refractive error problem hereditary?
Which medicine to use for eye infection?
If the mother shows symptoms of depression while caring for the baby in the ICU, consult a psychiatrist immediately.
If the mother has excessive stress while caring for the newborn, it can negatively affect the baby's health.
Staying in the ICU for a long time can increase the risk of post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) in the mother, be aware.
It is normal for the mother to have anxiety when the child is sick, but treatment is needed if it increases.
The ICU environment can negatively affect the mother's mental health, so psychosocial counseling is necessary.
When the baby is in the ICU, the mother should not neglect her mental health, seek help in time.
If the mother is thinking about suicide regarding the child's health, contact the suicide prevention helpline immediately.
The mother of a child being treated in the ICU should not overuse painkillers, it can have negative effects.
If the mother has a drug addiction, it can be difficult to care for the baby in the ICU, seek help immediately.
Staying in the ICU for a long time can affect the mother's brain, regular rest and mental counseling are necessary.
If the mother has depression and loss of appetite while the baby is in the ICU, consult a doctor.
If the mother experiences chest pain or increased heart rate due to anxiety, go to the hospital immediately.
If the mother has trouble sleeping while caring for the baby in the ICU, consult a psychiatrist.
If the mother shows symptoms of schizophrenia, it can be difficult to care for the baby, start treatment immediately.
While caring for the baby in the ICU, the mother should not consume excessive coffee or tea, it can increase stress.
If the mother is expressing hopeless thoughts about the child's health, she needs psychosocial support.
Taking care of a baby in the ICU might require the mother to take depression medicine, but don't use it without a doctor's advice.
If the mother has problems with fear or panic regarding the child's health, get counseling services.
Staying in the ICU for a long time can increase the mother's risk of drug abuse, be aware.
If the mother has suicidal thoughts regarding the child's health, contact a psychiatrist immediately.
Taking care of a baby in the ICU requires counseling for the mother to reduce stress.
If the mother has depression regarding the child's health, the family should pay special attention.
If the mother has trouble breathing due to anxiety, go to the hospital immediately.
While taking care of a baby in the ICU, the mother should take care of her eyes, don't look at the screen too much.
If the mother is taking schizophrenia medication, special attention should be paid to the care of the child.
Staying in the ICU for a long time can make the mother addicted to drug abuse, be aware.
If the mother is expressing negative thoughts about the child's health, take her to a psychiatrist immediately.
If the mother needs depression medicine while taking care of the baby in the ICU, get a doctor's advice immediately.
If the mother has stomach pain due to anxiety, go to the hospital immediately.
While taking care of a baby in the ICU, the mother should take care of her heart health, don't take too much stress.
Staying in the ICU for a long time can increase the mother's risk of drug abuse, the family should pay special attention.
If the mother is having suicidal thoughts about the child's health, she needs psychosocial counseling immediately.
Advise the mother to do yoga and meditation to reduce stress while taking care of the baby in the ICU.
If the mother has depression regarding the child's health, the family should give her love and support.
If the mother has dizziness due to anxiety, go to the hospital immediately.
When taking care of the baby in the ICU, mom should take care of her lungs, don't smoke.
If mom is taking schizophrenia medicine, you have to pay special attention to taking care of the baby, otherwise it can affect the baby.
Staying in the ICU for a long time can make mom addicted to drugs, the family should provide her with counseling services.
If mom is thinking about suicide because of the baby's health, take her to a suicide prevention center immediately.
Unnecessary use of antibiotics can negatively affect mom when taking care of the baby in the ICU, don't use it without a doctor's advice.
If mom is stressed about the baby's health, inform her about the mental health services available in the community.
If mom has high blood pressure due to anxiety, go to the hospital immediately.
When taking care of the baby in the ICU, mom should take care of her health, eat a balanced diet.
If mom shows symptoms of schizophrenia, it can be difficult to take care of the baby, seek help from the mental health worker in the community.
Staying in the ICU for a long time can make mom think about suicide due to depression, take her to a psychiatrist immediately.
If mom is expressing hopelessness about the baby's health, encourage her to get psychosocial counseling services.
If mom needs depression medicine while taking care of the baby in the ICU, contact the health post in the community.
If mom has body tremors due to anxiety, go to the hospital immediately, it could be a sign of danger.
Encourage mom to participate in community mental health programs while taking care of the baby in the ICU, it helps reduce stress.
As an ambulance driver, I advise many people to get regular health checkups at the primary health center.
I took an elderly man who came to the health camp for an eye exam to the hospital.
Due to the increased risk of floods and landslides, it seems that attention should be paid to safe water management at the primary health center.
Health workers were urging adults who missed vaccinations at the health camp in the village to get adult vaccinations.
The nurse working at the health center suggested that I pay attention to hand hygiene.
I requested patients with high blood pressure to go to the health center for blood pressure testing.
At the health camp, women were lining up for uterine cancer screening.
During the rainy season, diarrhea patients increase at the health post, so there should be enough ORS available.
Regular health checkups help to detect diseases and get timely treatment.
At the health camp, the doctor also does dental checkups.
At the health post, insulin is distributed for free to diabetes patients.
At the health camp, medicine was distributed to patients with joint pain problems.
The health post is distributing vitamin supplements to pregnant women.
During the rainy season, a mosquito control campaign should be run to avoid mosquito bites.
At the health camp, doctors were checking the eyes of the elderly.
The rural municipality has prioritized high blood pressure checks at the health camp.
The health post has issued a notice to get regular eye checkups.
Many people who came to the health camp learned about how to wash their hands.
A filter has been arranged for safe water at the health post.
I will consult with a health worker to avoid mosquito bites.
Getting regular health checkups is important for your health.
Blood pressure testing helps to detect diseases in time.
Cancer screening has been made free at the health camp.
Eye checkups help to protect eyesight.
Dental checkups are also done at the health camp.
At the health post, patients with lung problems are examined.
The doctor advised me to take vitamin supplements regularly.
Antihypertensive medicine is useful for controlling high blood pressure.
Insulin is given to diabetic patients at the health camp.
It is beneficial to drink ORS water if you have diarrhea.
You can get information on how to drink safe water by going to the health center.
Health workers explained the measures to take to avoid mosquito bites during the rainy season.
Doctors at the health camp provided information about the importance of regular health checkups.
There is a separate room for blood pressure testing at the health center.
Cancer screening helps prevent the disease from recurring.
Cataracts can also be detected during an eye exam.
I heard that dental checkups are free at the health camp.
The health center has organized a special program for lung checkups.
Vitamin supplements provide the body with essential nutrients.
Antihypertensive medicine keeps blood pressure normal.
Insulin keeps the amount of sugar in the blood balanced.
Information about hand hygiene is provided at the health center.
It is suggested to drink safe water to avoid diarrhea at the health camp during the rainy season.
Regular health checkups at the health camp protect against many diseases.
You must register your name in the morning for blood pressure testing at the health center.
There was a large crowd of women at the health camp for cancer screening.
The health center has modern equipment for eye check-ups.
Along with dental check-ups, a dental awareness program was also held at the health camp.
The health center is distributing medicine to elderly people to reduce joint pain.
My mother has a problem with swollen feet, the doctor said she needs an X-ray, but they say the X-ray machine is broken here!
I'm fed up with stomach pain, but there's no ultrasound facility here, where should I go?
Hello doctor, I have blurred vision, could it be due to diabetes?
Doctor, I'm taking high blood pressure medicine, but I'm having eye problems, what should I do?
Doctor, I had tuberculosis, and now I feel like my eyes are getting weak.
This eye problem started after malaria treatment, could it be because of that?
Eye problems appeared after recovering from dengue, is this an effect of dengue?
Doctor, after having COVID-19, my eyes feel weak, is this normal?
I've had some eye problems after taking typhoid medicine, is this a side effect of the medicine?
Could cholera have weakened my body and affected my eyes?
What kind of effect does hepatitis treatment have on the eyes, doctor?
After recovering from leptospirosis, my eyes feel weak, what could be the reason?
I took paracetamol for the eye pain, but it didn't get better, what should I do now?
Doctor, I have diarrhea and I'm taking ORS, my eyes also feel weak.
I'm applying antifungal cream for a skin allergy, but I'm having eye problems, is it because of that?
After taking iron tablets, my eyes seem to be turning yellow, is it because of the tablets?
Doctor, my eyesight is getting weaker, is it because of age?
Doctor, I think I need to wear glasses, my eyes can't see far.
My eyes hurt from working on the computer too much, what should I do?
Doctor, I can't see well at night, is it because of vitamin deficiency?
Could the problem with my eyes be from working in a lot of dust?
My eyes get a lot of sun when I work in the field, is that why it's like this?
Doctor, my eyes feel dry, is this a symptom of some disease?
I have an itchy eye problem, is it because of allergies?
Doctor, my eye is red, is it an infection?
My eyes keep watering, is it because of a cold?
Doctor, I have a stinging sensation in my eye, what should I do?
What should I eat to improve my eyesight, doctor?
Doctor, how much does it cost to get an eye exam?
Which hospital is good for eye treatment?
Doctor, do I need to have eye surgery?
For how many days should I take the eye medicine?
Doctor, please give me more information about eyes.
How to protect the eyes from the sun, doctor?
Doctor, which glasses are good for the eyes?
How to do eye exercises, doctor?
What should I do to avoid eye infections, doctor?
What effect does diabetes have on the eyes, Doctor?
I heard high blood pressure affects the eyes, is that true?
Does TB medicine affect the eyes or not, Doctor?
Doctor, does malaria cause weak eyesight?
Please tell me, what effect does dengue have on the eyes?
Please give me information about the effects of Covid-19 on the eyes, Doctor.
What effect does typhoid have on the eyes, can you say something?
Does cholera affect the eyes or not, Doctor?
Does hepatitis cause any problems in the eyes, Doctor?
Please tell me about the effects of leptospirosis on the eyes.
Doctor, I have a kidney problem, does it affect the eyes?
Doctor, I have a tooth problem, does it affect the eyes?
Doctor, is it possible that a blood disorder has affected my eyes?
Doctor, does this eye problem need immediate treatment or not?
Doctor, please give me some advice about my eyes.
If a child with a fever is not taken to the hospital on time, they may need to be put in the ICU, be careful.
Malnourished children are at high risk of infection, so special attention should be paid.
Neglecting newborn care can lead to infection and the need for ICU admission.
Delaying vaccination increases the risk of dangerous diseases like pneumonia in children.
Failure to regularly monitor a child's growth can affect physical development.
If you suspect your child has worms, give them medicine right away, otherwise malnutrition can increase.
If children have fever, don't give medicine as you please, consult a doctor immediately.
If a child has diarrhea, home remedies might not be enough, it's better to take them to the hospital.
Due to poor health, children's physical growth can stop, so pay attention to nutritious food.
If a child's weight is low, it could be a sign of malnutrition, consult a health worker immediately.
If you don't vaccinate on time, the child can get diseases like measles, rubella, be aware.
Don't ignore a child's fever, it could be a sign of some serious illness.
Malnutrition affects a child's mental and physical development, so don't take it lightly.
Not checking a child's weight regularly can increase the risk of malnutrition.
Not giving enough fluids to a child with diarrhea can cause dehydration.
If you don't give worm medicine on time, the child will become weaker.
Vitamin deficiency can weaken a child's eyes.
If you miss vaccination, the child may get serious diseases in the future.
Keep newborns warm to protect them from the cold, otherwise they can get pneumonia.
Trying to cure a feverish child at home can make the condition worse.
Not paying attention to a child's growth and development can lead to various problems in the future.
If you don't give a child worm medicine on time, they may have stomach pain and other problems.
If a child doesn't get enough vitamins, their immunity becomes weak and they can get sick frequently.
If a newborn is not kept in a clean and healthy environment, the risk of infection increases.
Ignoring a child with a fever can affect the brain.
Malnutrition can make a child's muscles weak.
If you don't check a child's weight regularly, you might not find malnutrition in time.
If you don't treat a child with diarrhea on time, they could die.
If you don't give deworming medicine on time, worms will keep growing in the child's stomach.
Vitamin deficiency can make a child's bones weak.
If you delay vaccination, the child could get a disease like polio that causes disability.
If you don't get a newborn checked regularly, you might not find congenital diseases.
Giving children too many sugary foods can cause teeth problems.
If you bathe a child with a fever, they might get even colder.
Malnutrition can cause joint pain problems in children.
If you don't monitor a child's growth regularly, it can hinder physical development.
Don't stop breastfeeding a child with diarrhea, instead give more fluids.
If you don't give deworming medicine on time, the child may have a bloated stomach.
Vitamin deficiency can make a child's skin dry.
If you miss a vaccination, the child has a higher risk of getting pneumonia.
Giving children too much oily food can cause problems with the digestive system.
If you don't let a child with a fever rest, they can get tired.
Malnutrition can cause speech problems in children.
If you don't check a child's weight regularly, the child's height might not increase.
Getting regular checkups during pregnancy is very important for safe delivery services, you shouldn't just stay at home.
Taking care of a new mother's nutrition is no less important than breastfeeding the baby.
Giving antihypertensive medicine to a pregnant woman with high blood pressure is more important than giving pain medicine.
Using family planning methods is a much safer option than having an unsafe abortion.
Having a safe delivery in a hospital is much safer than having it done the traditional way in the village.
Taking iron pills regularly is much better than getting weak and having anemia.
Getting service from a health worker trained in managing complications is safer than getting it from a regular health worker.
Checking the health of both mother and baby after delivery is more important than just checking the baby.
Eating nutritious food regularly during pregnancy is much more beneficial than eating junk food.
Having family support and help during postpartum is much more important than being alone.
Treating high blood pressure during pregnancy on time is much safer than ignoring it.
Motivating people to use safe delivery services is more important than just giving information about it.
Going to the hospital after labor pains start is much safer than staying at home.
Breastfeeding the baby immediately after birth is better than waiting a few days.
Using temporary family planning methods is easier than getting permanent sterilization.
Getting tested for diabetes during pregnancy is much safer than ignoring it.
Doing yoga to reduce stress during pregnancy is more beneficial than taking a lot of stress.
Going to a health facility for safe delivery service is a better option than giving birth at home.
Getting enough rest after delivery is more important than being busy with housework.
Taking medicine according to the doctor's advice during pregnancy is safer than taking medicine randomly.
Getting counseling about family planning is better than staying without making any decision.
Doing regular exercise during pregnancy is better than being inactive.
It's not enough to just explain the importance of safe delivery services, it's even more important to increase access to the services.
Paying attention to hygiene to avoid infection during postpartum is more important than neglecting it.
Taking medicine to control high blood pressure during pregnancy is better than ignoring it.
Breastfeeding the baby exclusively for six months is much better than giving other foods.
Taking advice from a health worker when using family planning methods is safer than using them on your own.
Taking folic acid regularly during pregnancy is much more beneficial than not taking it.
Getting safe delivery services is more important than saving money.
Eating nutritious food during postpartum is better than weakening your body.
Getting regular check-ups with the doctor during pregnancy is safer than neglecting it.
Breastfeeding benefits both mother and baby, rather than giving other harmful foods.
Using modern methods for family planning is more effective than using traditional methods.
Managing stress during pregnancy is more important than increasing mental problems.
Having a safe delivery in the hospital is much safer than having it unsafely at home.
Checking the mother's health after the baby is born is more important than only checking the baby.
It is more beneficial for pregnant women to take iron tablets than to let anemia happen.
Using family planning methods is much better than having an unintended pregnancy.
Following the doctor's advice during pregnancy is safer than doing whatever you want.
Resting during postpartum is more important than being busy with housework, because rest helps you recover quickly.
Getting regular health check-ups during pregnancy is better than hiding problems.
Breastfeeding babies regularly is more beneficial than feeding them outside food.
It's not enough to just give information about family planning, it's even more important to explain its importance.
Eating nutritious food during pregnancy is much better than eating junk food.
Having a safe delivery is much safer than having it done unsafely.
Paying attention to hygiene during postpartum is better than increasing the risk of infection.
Taking medicine according to the doctor's advice during pregnancy is safer than taking medicine arbitrarily.
Using temporary family planning methods is much better than not doing family planning at all.
Regular exercise during pregnancy is much more beneficial than being inactive.
Getting enough rest after giving birth is more important for the mother's health than returning to work early.
Do you have a fever? Weight loss could also be due to a fever.
How long have you had a cough? Coughing a lot can also cause weight loss.
Do you have any pre-existing conditions that are causing you to lose weight?
Weight loss is not normal at this age, it is better to see a doctor once.
I am worried about you seeing that you have lost a lot of weight, further tests may be needed.
Haven't you been paying attention to your diet for some time? Weight loss can also occur if you don't pay attention to your diet.
Since you have symptoms like fever, body aches and weight loss, further testing may be needed.
Have you ever had a drug allergy before? Allergies can also cause weight loss.
Do you have any other problems besides weight loss?
Safe delivery services during the Covid pandemic were more challenging than before.
Taking iron tablets during pregnancy is more important than taking vitamins for the baby's brain development.
Postpartum care takes longer than prenatal care.
Using temporary family planning methods is easier than getting permanent sterilization.
Safe delivery services are more easily available in cities than in villages.
The benefits of breastfeeding for the mother are more than formula feeding.
Regular checkups during pregnancy save both mother and baby from complications that can happen if ignored.
Doing home remedies during pregnancy is safer than taking antibiotics.
Protecting a newborn from infection is more important than treating pneumonia.
Giving birth at a health post in rural areas is safer than in a private hospital.
Paying attention to the mother's nutrition is more important than buying expensive toys for the baby.
Improving maternity services is more important than reducing maternal mortality.
Giving information about family planning is better than having many children.
Resting during postpartum is more important than working.
Reducing stress during pregnancy is safer than taking medicine for a headache.
Vaccinating children on time is better than going to the hospital in the future.
Taking folic acid during pregnancy is more important than saving the baby from disability.
Safe delivery services in hospitals are much more reliable than home birth services in villages.
Getting blood tests during pregnancy is a better way than treating the disease after it occurs.
Feeding iron tablets to the mother after delivery is more important than saving the body from becoming weak.
The benefits of using family planning methods are more than the problems of having many children.
Exercising during pregnancy is keeping the body healthy, which is better than taking medicine after delivery.
Eating liquid food during postpartum is better than taking medicine for constipation.
Using temporary family planning methods is safer than getting an unsafe abortion.
Doing home remedies during pregnancy is safer than taking medicine without a doctor's advice.
Promoting safe delivery services is more effective than reducing maternal mortality.
Taking care of mental health during pregnancy is more important than only focusing on physical health.
Taking family planning services is a better option than ruining the future of many children.
Getting regular health check-ups is wiser than getting treatment after getting sick.
Eating nutritious food during pregnancy is more important than giving medicine to the baby after birth.
Paying attention to hygiene during postpartum is a better solution than taking medicine for infection.
Providing information about family planning is better than increasing the population.
Letting pregnant women rest is more important than making them work.
Doing yoga during pregnancy is a more effective way than reducing stress.
Breastfeeding the baby after delivery is better than feeding formula milk.
Using temporary family planning is better than being forced to have an abortion.
Taking doctor's consultation during pregnancy is safer than relying only on home remedies.
Prioritizing safe delivery service is better than delivering at home in an unsafe way.
Maintaining mental peace during pregnancy is much more important than taking unnecessary stress.
Taking family planning services is a wiser decision than adding financial burden.
Getting regular health checkups is a better way than letting the disease become complicated.
Eating a balanced diet during pregnancy is more important than saving the child from malnutrition.
Resting during postpartum is more important than enduring physical pain.
Spreading awareness about family planning is better than having a population explosion.
Keeping a pregnant woman in a positive environment is more important than letting negative thoughts take over.
Doing regular exercise during pregnancy is healthier than keeping the body inactive.
Breastfeeding the baby regularly after delivery is more important than boosting immunity.
Using temporary family planning methods is a better option than adding unnecessary responsibilities.
Taking medicine according to the doctor's advice during pregnancy is safer than taking medicine randomly.
If you see symptoms of tuberculosis, get tested immediately, don't ignore it.
Diabetic patients should not ignore skin infections, they should be treated on time.
If high blood pressure is not controlled, the risk of stroke increases, get regular checkups.
To avoid malaria, avoid mosquito bites, be sure to use mosquito nets.
The outbreak of dengue is increasing, if you have a fever, contact a health worker immediately.
The risk of Covid-19 is not over yet, those who have missed the vaccine should get it immediately.
If you have diarrhea, drink Jeevan Jal, ignoring it can cause dehydration.
If you suspect typhoid, get a blood test, don't rely only on home remedies.
To avoid hepatitis, pay attention to hygiene, stay away from unsafe sex.
To avoid leptospirosis, do not walk in dirty water, clean wounds immediately if you have any.
Diabetic patients should protect their feet from injury, otherwise the infection may increase.
Take high blood pressure medicine regularly, stopping in between increases the risk.
Do not stop taking tuberculosis medicine in between, it may not be cured if you do not complete the full course.
If you suspect malaria, get a blood test right away, don't delay.
To avoid dengue, don't let water collect around the house, destroy mosquito larvae.
To protect yourself from Covid-19, wear a mask, maintain social distance.
If you have diarrhea, don't let your body get dehydrated, keep drinking Jeevan Jal.
Don't be careless in treating typhoid, it can get complicated.
If you see symptoms of hepatitis, get doctor's advice right away, don't rely on herbs.
To avoid the risk of leptospirosis, wear protective clothing when working in the fields.
Pregnant women with diabetes should take special precautions, get regular check-ups.
Mothers with high blood pressure should consult a doctor when breastfeeding.
Mothers with tuberculosis should not miss their child's regular vaccinations.
To avoid malaria, pregnant women must use mosquito nets.
To avoid the risk of dengue, pregnant women should pay special attention to cleanliness around the house.
To avoid Covid-19 infection, pregnant women should not go to crowded places.
If a child has diarrhea, take them to a health facility immediately, don't treat them at home.
To avoid typhoid, only give your child clean water to drink, don't give them outside food.
To avoid hepatitis, vaccinate your child on time, don't delay.
To avoid the risk of leptospirosis, don't let your child play in dirty water.
Diabetic patients should not eat too many sweet foods, it can worsen the problem.
To control high blood pressure, reduce salt intake, don't eat fried foods.
If you experience problems like stomach pain or vomiting while taking TB medicine, inform the doctor.
To avoid malaria, don't let water collect around your house, fill in the holes.
To avoid the risk of dengue, protect yourself from mosquito bites even during the day.
If you see symptoms of Covid-19, get tested immediately, be careful not to spread it to others.
If you have diarrhea, give the child plenty of fluids, don't let them get dehydrated.
To avoid typhoid, only drink boiled water, don't eat food from outside.
To avoid hepatitis, only use tested blood for transfusions, unsafe blood increases the risk.
To avoid the risk of leptospirosis, wear gloves and boots when working in the fields.
Diabetic patients should take insulin regularly, don't stop without consulting a doctor.
If you have tuberculosis, cover your mouth when coughing so you don't infect others.
To avoid malaria, avoid mosquito bites and take ant parasitic medicine.
If a child has a fever, only give paracetamol, don't give other medicines without a doctor's advice.
Always practice safe sex to avoid hepatitis.
Pregnant women should take iron tablets regularly, it protects against anemia.
If you have high blood pressure, stay away from stress and do yoga and meditation.
If you have symptoms of Covid-19, isolate yourself at home.
If you experience any side effects during TB treatment, inform the health worker immediately.
If you suspect leptospirosis, get treatment immediately, don't delay.
This vitamin supplement is too expensive, I can't afford to buy it.
The child's iodine deficiency is causing increased neck swelling, what to do?
Why is the blood deficiency still happening even when taking iron tablets, it's hard to understand.
There are many children suffering from malnutrition due to lack of balanced diet, it's a big problem.
There's no one in this pharmacy who can give enough information about micronutrients.
Many children are getting sick in the village due to protein deficiency, no one is paying attention.
There are complaints of obesity increasing from eating more vitamin supplements than needed.
The supplementary food program provided by the government hasn't been effective, the children are still weak.
I got a stomach ache after taking the iron pills available here, what to do?
The vitamin supplement prescribed by the doctor wasn't available in this pharmacy.
Is the reason for weak bones at this age a vitamin deficiency or what?
Many people here have vitamin D deficiency problems because of the climate.
The government hasn't paid attention to distributing iodized salt, that's why goiter has increased.
I'm afraid my child has a vitamin deficiency because they don't eat well.
I heard that iron deficiency during pregnancy causes many problems, is it really true?
The joint pain problem has increased even more after taking this medicine, what should I do?
Is the protein powder available here adulterated or what, it doesn't seem to have much effect.
The doctor prescribed a vitamin supplement but this pharmacy says it's out of stock!
No one here knows what kind of vitamin is good to give to a small child.
The problem of constipation when taking iron tablets has become a nuisance.
No one here is willing to provide information about balanced diets.
There have been complaints that poor quality food is being given in the supplementary food program.
I heard that iodine deficiency affects mental development, what kind of effect does it have?
Is this skin problem because of vitamin deficiency?
What to eat to increase protein, nobody gives advice here.
Why are the prices of all vitamin supplements different in this pharmacy?
There are complaints that the iron tablets distributed by the government are not good quality.
I heard that most of the vitamin supplements found here are fake, is it true?
What should be done to protect children from malnutrition, nobody tells here.
Hair fall problem has increased due to iron deficiency, what to do?
I doubt the quality of vitamin supplements found at cheap prices here.
There is no one in this pharmacy to give information about balanced diet.
I heard that iodine deficiency increases thyroid problems, is this true?
I have a nausea problem after taking this iron tablet, what should I do?
Is my body weak because of protein deficiency?
People here are unaware about vitamin deficiency.
Children don't like the supplementary food provided by the government, so it goes to waste.
There is no one in this pharmacy who can give clear information about micronutrients.
I heard that iodine deficiency weakens a child's brain, how true is this?
Is anemia caused by iron deficiency?
Does vitamin supplements have side effects or not, nobody knows here.
Nobody here cares to explain the importance of a balanced diet.
There are complaints of irregularities in the supplementary food program.
I heard iodine deficiency causes other problems besides goiter!
Is the muscle weakness because of protein deficiency?
These vitamin supplements in the pharmacy are mostly expired.
Nobody tells you how to get iron from food instead of iron tablets.
Many people here are unaware about malnutrition.
Is the reduced immunity because of vitamin deficiency?
I heard iodine deficiency affects fertility, is that true?
If you see any infection in the baby's eyes, take them to the hospital immediately, don't ignore it.
If a newborn's eyes look yellow, it could be due to jaundice, see a doctor immediately.
It's normal to have blurred vision after delivery due to weakness, but get your eyes checked if it continues.
When taking the baby in the sun, don't let direct sunlight hit their eyes, it can cause problems in the future.
The lack of adequate light in the hospital can affect the baby's eyes, be aware of this.
Babies can have congenital cataracts, so get their eyes checked from time to time.
Protect the operated eye from dust and infection, otherwise complications may arise.
If the baby's eyes are red or constantly tearing, it could be a sign of infection.
Premature babies may have vision problems, so get regular eye check-ups.
If the child is rubbing their eyes a lot, it could be a refractive error, get it checked immediately.
If the pupil of the baby's eye looks white, it could be a sign of cataracts, consult a doctor.
Don't ignore eye pain or blurred vision, it could be a symptom of glaucoma.
Diabetic patients should have regular eye check-ups, otherwise it can affect the eyes.
High blood pressure can affect the blood vessels in your eyes, so keep your blood pressure under control.
After eye surgery, follow the doctor's instructions strictly, don't be careless.
If a child injures their eye, show it to the doctor immediately, don't do home remedies.
Using mobile phones too much can cause dry eyes and weaken your vision.
Pay attention to personal hygiene to prevent the spread of eye infections.
Rest your eyes when working on the computer for a long time, otherwise you may have eye strain problems.
Feed your child vitamin A rich foods to prevent night blindness.
If you have an eye allergy, don't use any medicine without consulting a doctor.
If your eyesight is weak, wear glasses, don't ignore it.
If a child's eye is crossed, get treatment in time, otherwise they may permanently lose their vision.
If the equipment used during surgery in the hospital is not clean, it can cause eye infections, be aware.
If a child has an eye problem, don't use medicine randomly, consult a doctor.
If a child's eyes are very itchy, it could be due to an allergy, show it to the doctor immediately.
If you injure your eye and see blood, go to the hospital immediately, don't treat it at home.
If a child's eyesight is weak, it can affect their studies, so get it checked in time.
After eye surgery, avoid smoke and dust, otherwise you may get an infection.
If a child has congenital glaucoma, vision can be lost if not treated in time.
If you have a rubella infection during pregnancy, the baby may develop cataracts, so take precautions.
If there is not enough light in the hospital for the baby, their eyes may weaken, pay attention.
If a child has a high fever, it can affect the eyes, keep the fever under control.
If you don't do cataract surgery on time, there's a risk of losing your sight, so be careful.
If a child's eye is red and swollen, it could be a sign of infection, so take them to the doctor right away.
If proper handwashing habits are not followed, the risk of disease transmission increases, so wash your hands regularly with soap.
Drinking contaminated water can cause diarrhea, so always drink boiled or filtered water.
Using a mobile for a long time can affect the eyes, so take breaks in between.
If children are not vaccinated, the risk of various diseases increases, so vaccinate them on time.
Eating excessive junk food can harm health, so maintain a balanced diet.
Staying too long in the sun can cause skin problems, so use sunscreen.
Lack of sufficient sleep can cause fatigue and difficulty concentrating, so maintain a regular sleep routine.
Not exercising can increase the risk of obesity and other diseases, so engage in daily physical activity.
Living in an unclean environment can spread infections, so keep your surroundings clean.
Excessive sugar intake can increase the risk of diabetes, so control sugar consumption.
If injured, clean and bandage the wound immediately, otherwise infection may occur.
Increased mental stress negatively affects health, so practice relaxation and meditation.
